1 Stayed 2 nights in february 08. Booked via hotel website and paid 150$/night for a double with bathroom. Room was small but pleasant and clean. Great value for a budget traveller in NYC. Pros: cheap and well located. Cons: no wifi, can be a bit noisy in hallways. 
2 The personnel were extremely cordial, helpful and accommodating. Excellent customer service. My room was more than adequate. Emily at the front desk was just wonderful. The Thursday night happy hour was an added pleasure. 
3 December 11th weekend- Stayed the Crowne Plaza - we loved it. Very central to everything. The room great- great view. We enjoyed the hotel restaurant. We would stay there again 
4 This hotel is 5 stars all around. Because of this last stay, I now prefer the 4 Seasons over the Ritz Carlton. We started our honeymoon off here and couldn't have been treated any more special than we were. 
5 I just spent 4 nights here and this hotel is fine but a bit dated overall. Furthermore, the pillows were way too big and the location is Ok but not great. Overall, more of a Courtyard standard than Swissotel. 
6 The rooms are small, but very well maintained, The staff was very nice and helpful. Would go back there any time. We did not take breakfast there, but the surrounding is ideal and the road was not so noisy. 
7 I am a frequent traveller with the Omni chain. The service was excellent and room very confortable. The proximty to everything in Manhattan could not be beaten. 
8 Recent business trip was a pleasure with HGI NY. Location was perfect for work and pleasure, staff were friendly and helpful, and room was great. And - to make it even better the heater was quiet - no loud clanging and banging like so many places. 
9 This hotel has so many elevators you would have to switch elevators to go to a high floor. 
10 Small room, but excellect AC on a hot NY holiday weekend. Attentive staff, friendly and efficient upon check in and check out. Bellman Juan was very helpful in showing us the amenities upon check in, and found the Location to be just perfect. We would stay here again. 
11 The hotel rooms are fantastic and the staff are simply the best ! What a wonderful time we had in this cosy, comfortable hotel - huge room, excellent service. Stay here and you won't repeat won't be disappointed ! 
12 Unfriendly staff, nasty dirty. This a Hilton? Wallpaper peeling in lobby restroom. Restaurant closed. Understaffed at front desk. Stayed here a year ago & it was pretty nice...It's really gone downhill. Would not recomend. Also, car broken into. Rough neighborhood. 
13 Our first stay here in June 2012 and it was a memorable one! Stayed here as part of my son's grad gift of a weekend in NYC. It was central, clean with very professional staff and great service. This is a nice getaway for quick trips! 
14 Tof, gezellig, rustig, mooi hotel, vriendelijk personeel, behulpzaam aan de balie. 
15 Clean, decent size room, and a diner open 24 hrs. Had a good stay and would go back. 
16 This Hampton Inn was a nice place to stay with comfortable rooms and beds. I will stay here again. 
17 Very clean. Great Location. Great Price. Was there Summer 2008 for business, but I would recommend to families as well. Close to Empire State Bldg, Penn Station, Madison Sq. Garden. Staff was great 
18 My husband and I spent only one night there, but from the time we arrived to the time we left we could not have been happier. Ami at the front desk was great as was benny in the restaurant. Thanks for making our anniversary so special! 
19 Gran hotel y servicio. Great place to stay. I spent 9 nights this February and enjoyed very much. Great people and clean and good size rooms. Spectacular location, my room had a view of 19 street. Loving it. Angeles, Madrid. 
20 Now a Taj hotel, the Pierre is the classiest hotel in New York City. Perfectly located. Wonderful service. Refurbished but classic. 
21 Spectacular location in Manhattan near 5th Avenue shopping and MOMA. Very comfortable, large (for NYC) rooms and beds. Breakfast at Norma's is truly special. Excellent subway access and rather easy to find cabs. 
22 simple, elegant, stylish and packing a punch of hip to boot, I love this place. Central enough to be cool but quite as well. The staff is as good as the food and cocktails. 
23 I want to give special thanks to Victor who works the front desk and ron the maintenance guy for accomadating us with the best service we've had in a long time...they are very pleasant young men. 
24 Stayed here for a quick shopping break at the beginning of December. Great location, very friendly staff. Hotel was clean and comfortable. Will definitely use again. 
25 We liked very much the hotel, the front desk warm welcome, the location and the spectacular view from our corner room ! The only downside came from the noise of the air conditioning system. Otherwise a very good ratio price / quality / confort / location. 
26 Have a great holiday and hotel was lovely and clean and tidy 
27 The Hotel was pretty good the location & amenities were very easy to get to and near by. Service was excellent. 
28 Excellent hotel in the heart of New York Very nice modern size. Try to book a corner room in the highest possible floor.The view is amazing. 
29 Small but comfortable rooms. Good location in a typical, lively New York setting. Starting to show its age. 
30 Great location, really great staff, only minor negative comment is that our room was starting to look a little tired. 
31 We recently stayed at this hotel and found it perfectly adequate. The room was tired and the decor faded, but it was clean and the maid service was first class. For the location and price, this is a bargain. We would certainly stay there again 
32 The lobby is grand but the rooms and hallways are terrible. Bathrooms are so small you have to step out of hem to lather up. Paint peeling stains all over carpets in hallways. Very disappointing. Don't let the pictures on their website fool you. I felt dirty after leaving there. 
33 Great service, Upscale boutique hotel. My room had a urban kitchen and a living area-almost like my own little condo in the Gold Coast. 
34 This was my First time to NY and I will definitely stay here again. The hotel was very clean, had a great breakfast every morning, and a fabulous staff. Oh and the location is wonderful. Thanks Hampton Inn at Madison Square Garden for a great experience! 
35 great hotel in the Holiday Inn Express category. Clean, quiet, good bed, good pillows. Free internet. Distances to theaters was very acceptable. Very friendly staff, although they still have to learn how to book tickets for Broadway shows. I can certainly recommend this hotel to all. 
36 Very comfortable room. Friendly staff. Great area to walk to all. 
37 Very helpful staff, courteous and informative. Rooms large enough quiet and comfortable, save for the aircon outside our window. Excellent breakfast buffet, well presented and maintained. Lifts efficient too, and a great location for us. Recommended save for the comments below. 
38 Our first visit to NYC and our hotel was amazing. The location was great, super helpful and friendly staff, LOVED the shower, couldn't have asked for a better hotel. 
39 This hotel is one-half a block from time square.The staff are great,rooms were clean,the beakfast was good. Rooms on the small side but well maintained. Would return next trip. Canada loves New York City 
40 The hotel is a bit hard to find but the location is very close to Times Square. The staff was very nice! I wish I could remember their names to give them credit. It was all around a great stay and very clean. Which is always nice. 
41 This hotel is in a nice residential area with lots of restaurant choices nearby. A good alternative to big hotels downtown. Friendly staff. The room was updated, although small and had a view into the parking garage. 
42 Love the W Hotel, especially working with LaMika Hughes at the Welcome Desk! She is the most helpful and efficient customer service rep! She made sure my all my needs were met! thank you 
43 SEHR RUHIG UND GUT GELEGEN.FREUNDLICHE ANGESTELLTE. 
44 Not been a fan of NYC before, but after a few days at this location, I can hardly wait to return. Lovely hotel, great room, fantastic view, loved going walking from here, in the middle of theatre district - what more could be asked for 
45 the location couldnt be better , really in the hearty of Times Square , the check in was slow - 30 minutes + staff were not helpful , slow to address problems ... not interested .. However the gym in the hotel was world class 
46 Yes, this is NYC, but come on. We shouldn't expect roaches in our room in such a "boutique" hotel. When we complained of the "extra guest" in our room they simply replied "that's NYC." Aweful! 
47 We boekten dit hotel via Connections Antwerpen. Zeer verzorgde kamers. Gratis wifi. Het ontbijt was wel niet denderend; iedere morgen hetzelfde: wat fruit (conserven), een croissant en een soort cake. De prijzen in de bar waren tamelijk duur! 
48 Price and location were great. I've stayed in alot worse for alot more. Over all great for someone on a budget. 
49 Spent 4 nights here-staff couldn't have been friendlier. Every morning ran to central park or riverside parkway-great way to see NY. Coffee and breakfast bars free in lounge-gym small but ok, location great for us- wouuld definitely stay here again-very clean, no complaints at all 
50 We booked a Hilton Honors stay at this Hampton Inn after reading the reviews. I will just say that I agree with all of the positive reviews. I asked for a quiet room and it was. Our view was a brick wall, but that was just fine. 
51 Couldn't believe such spacious, apartment style accommodation could be found in such a cool location in New York 
52 Stayed one night on a whirlwind business trip. This hotel has a starbucks which is very important to me. Another high point was the complimentary shower gel and shampoo- tropical ginger lily. Heavenly. Walking distance to our meeting. 
53 This is a terrific place to stay if you're interested in visiting downtown Chicago. You're within walking distance to so many attractions, the hotel is super clean, and there's a fun bar with an outstanding view. 
54 Just stayed here for the Thanksgiving holiday and found the location great, rooms spacious and clean. I have two children and we found that the one bedroom suite, was perfect for our needs. They slept on the sleeper sofa and found it very comfortable. I would stay here again! 
55 its a great experience, rates are fine, very class and neat rooms. good service. provided good information about city and tourist places, very comfortable beds. prime location and very near to shopping. excellent room service, very good breakfast and food. 
56 Excellent customer service and rooms. my only complaint was the noise coming from the ice machine. 
57 Location of the hotel was amazing, the hotel bar and bar staff were amazing!! Loved it there. The rooms were quite spacious for New York standards, however the rooms looked tired and didn't feel 100% clean. If i got a good deal I would go back. 
58 I appreciated the architecture of the building and the location was just perfect!! The hotel was near by the broadway theater .The room was small and the air-condition was noisy. 
59 This hotel is a gem among the sterile big hotels that seem to dominate in Manhattan. Big, clean rooms, very friendly staff, and very comfortable beds at a reasonable price add up to a very good experience. 
60 Un Hotel antiguo y muy bien conservado. Excelente atencion y servicio. Habitaciones amplias. Con desayuno. Ubicacion perfecta !! 
61 Excelente ubicacion y Muy buen cuarto, tenia 2 habitaciones, una d ellas con un pequeno sofa y pues Como solo lo ocupabamos para dormir, pues cuando regresabamos, ya estaba limpio. Ademas tenia un pequeno refri y su microwave. 
62 Had a nice suite at a great price for three nights over Christmas. The garage is self park, and right across the street. The people are helpful. 
63 Wonderful bed, Amazing service and excellent food and beverage 
64 This hotel was very cute. The room was small but very clean and comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful. Subways were very accessible. There are some decent restaurants near by and it's in a good neighborhood. I'd definitely stay here again, especially for the price! 
65 Our first time at the Park Central and we were pleasantly surprised.It is clean, fresh, modern and great location.All the staff were very polite and friendly especially Ellen on the checking in desk.The bar prices were a little high.Very good value for money 
66 Location, location, did I say location...heavenly bed in time square. Great reception from bellman to front desk. Preferred floor room was appreciated. Only sour note, next door neighbors noisy+++ and poor sound insulation because of communicating door. Perfect pied a terre for a weekend in the big apple 
67 Too expensive comparing to the services provided. The room was not clean when I came. In the night people knocked on my door. Storing bagage was charged by 4$. I cannot recommend the hotel. 
68 I would certainly recommend the Red Roof Inn to any of our friends going to Chicaago. It is in a great location, within walking distance of everything. We had a great stay, the rooms were nice and clean, very reasonably priced. We were made very welcome by the staff 
69 me and my girlfriend stayed here. the rooms where small, the bathroom door was broken, the main door to the room was iffy. we woke up with bed bug bites. The Department of health needs to close this dump down. 
70 Great designed hotel in a good location. Service were friendly always and genuinely helpful. Having free wifi throughout was a big plus. And a nice place for coffee and breakfast on the ground flood was convenient and good. Even better ad it's free for Diamond members. 
71 AVOID AVOID AVOID There was homeless people crashed in my hallway. 3 of them. When I complained to security they said they do rounds and that there were no homeless people and that I was lying. I have pictures of them, it was disgusting. 
72 Our room was nice but small; your knees were under the bathroom sink when you sat on the toilet! Our traveling companions got a room on the other side of the hotel and said it was awful. Ours was small, but modern and clean. Also a good location. 
73 For New York this wasn't a bad appartment. It was spacious and very well located but. if you have a room in the front at low level, don't expect to get any sleep. Sam and the other staff were very helfull and I would recommend this hotel 
74 hotel in una zona ideale.sulla Madison, a due passi dalla 5th, dall'empire,da time square.. La nostra camera era abbastanza piccolina ma accogliente. L'unica cosa non molto comoda era l'impianto di riscaldamento che impiegava abbastanza tempo per partire(era molto freddo fuori ,quindi il riscaldamento era fondamentale)per il resto ci tornerei. 
75 Poor value, good location, strange atmosphere make for a slightly below average experience. Furniture is worn & lighting odd in room. Lobby is confusing & Tom & Jerry cartoons on TV in elevators=STRANGE!! Wouldn't recommend for the $400+ price. 
76 The Palmer House in the middle of Chicago's loop is ideally located for both business and pleasure. We thoroughly enjoyed our four night stay and enjoyed the great service. The room service sundae special was enjoyed after a long day enjoying Chicago's great musuems. 
77 Great location that is within walking distance to Times Square, Fifth Ave shopping & Central Park. Staff is outstanding! Room decor is a bit outdated but very spacious rooms for New York City. 
78 Just got back from spending 3 nights in this brand new, "squeaky clean" hotel. The staff could not have been more accommodating, and we really enjoyed the location. Yes, the rooms are small, but it's Manhattan! We would definitely stay at this hotel again. 
79 This hotel was within walking distance of most major attractions and right beside of Grand Central Station to connect you with any site in the city. Our room was very nice and the service was excellent. 
80 A rehabbed older hotel with good sized bright colored rooms and a quiet setting. Nothing pretentious, but little to complain about. Easy walk to old town and bars, restaurants, etc. very helpful and friendly staff. Would go back 
81 The room was very nice and in a nice, convenient Chelsea location. The front desk staff was very helpful. 
82 Great location, clean, large rooms with safe , tv, king bed, coffee & tea in room. Starbucks in lobby Lounge and restaurant downstairs Subway stations close by, usually a 1 to 2 minute walk Close to China town and little Italy 
83 we stayed here for 2 nights whilst we were visiting nasa (only 2min drive from hotel). the room was lovely and clean, nice staff at frontdesk, nice building, good continental breakfast and nice area. would definately recommend this hotel! 
84 Estuvimos a media cuadra de Times Square y todo nos quedo muy cerca y conveniente. Lo recomiendo mucho, no olviden reservar en mayoristas para obtener un buen precio. 
85 Good place to stay if you have plans in New York City.Great place to rest your feet between shopping and sightseeing. Good sleep at night. 
86 la forza di questo hotel e' la posizione noi da qui abbiamo visitato tutta new york in 4 giorni le camere sono davvero belle e spaziose e l'hotel e' molto elegante 
87 Me and my wife were last week in this hotel for 4 nights. It's clean hotel with simple and small rooms. Room was equiped by aircondition, satTV, bathroom, fan. They cleaned room and changing towels every day. Personal on reception was unfriendly and boring. Hotel is equiped with free wifi. 
88 We stayed in Holiday Inn Nassau street in NY for a week - it was comfotable but cramped and then there is no free breakfast - service was good and staff very friendly 
89 Good value, spotless room, nice staff, very central, free filtered and cold water, view from my room (to the backyard) not very nice. My room was quite small but definitely big enough for me (and I never spend too much time there anyway). Upgrades available. 
90 one of the best in new york centrallly located on 44 th street close to everything very well trained staff and excelent service rooms are great and very clean staff is very helpful good concierge service 
91 the most dirty and awful hotel I have never been in. I would never repeat the experience, for sure. It is worth to look for an hotel not so close to the center, but clean and tidy; even for sleeping. I would never recommended it to anyone. 
92 My daughter and i recently had the pleasure of spending 2 nights at The Moderne in NY City. What a great find! Wonderful room. Great location. Fair price. A staff that was SOOOOO helpful and cheerful. We will be back! Linda Fraser (Minneapolis MN) 
93 The room is small. This is the only flaw. The service is excellent. Everything is clean. Also, the price is pretty good considering the location. 
94 overall a great clean hotel in a good central location. my husband and I 2nd stay here. super friendly staff. thanks Mohammed for for the second time sorting out a great room for us. I like having space in the room to move as well as few will fi 
95 Our stay at this hotel was perfect. Friendly staff, great price on the room (Priceline), immaculately clean, chic bath & decor, fantastic location for our evening at Lincoln Center. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat. 
96 Lovely hotel, well located on 44th... near 5th avenue shopping and broadway theater. The staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful-- even printing our boarding passes when we had computer trouble. Bed extremely comfortable and bathroom roomy. 
97 Our daughter attends school nearby and this is our 'go to' hotel to say. Reasonably priced, clean, safe, friendly staff, and nice rooms. We've been stayed here quite a few times in the last couple years and never have been disappointed. 
98 Angie in reservations was so so so helpful. There was a mix-up with my online reservation for the U of Chicago grad weekend. Angie was sympathetic and really helpful over a series of weeks and made it happen that I got my 2 night reservation for this coming June. 
99 nice hotel. very expensive. staff were very accomodating. The rooms were quite spacious. The hotel carpet in our room needed to be replaced. The hotel is very nice, but too expensive for what you get. The 
100 Great location, good service, small but comfortable rooms. Could do with a Tea/Coffee maker and safe in the room. 
101 right next door to grand central station ,great location.,nice room .the lobby is spectacular ,ice machines on each floor.shampoo n soap changed daily.walking distance to times square .and broadway ,very enjoyable stay 
102 Everything was great except for the doorman prefer to stand Doug nothing than open the door for you when your hands are full. Otherwise everybody were very friendly, the hotel was great. 
103 Friendly staff, great location. Room was okay size. Food is good. Most expensive hotel breakfast ever so forced to head out to deli each day - a shame really as this was only negative aspect. 
104 We stayed for 6 nights and had a suite on the 6th Floor facing Penn Station, it was excellant noisey at times but afterall it is New York. It has excelllant staff also the lady who cleaned our rooms was very friendly and helpful. We will definetly return. 
105 It's fine for what it is, nothing charming. However, the location is great, everything is clean. The room with the en suite bathroom if fine, though bathroom is very small. I also appreciate the free wireless internet. 
106 Cahanging my mind from the last review,I like the beds, great continental breakfast and its walking distance to all the places I go to 
107 This was the worst hotel I've stayed in. The bed was worn out, the pillows smelled like feet, and the paint was peeling on the walls of the room. The staff was very rude. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. 
108 As a business traveler, customer service is very important to me. Maria at OTA always greets me with a smile and ensures that my reservation is accurate and I get the room amenities I need. Great spot on the Upper West Side! 
109 Very nice stay. Loved the linens and the bed was very comfortable. Complimentary breakfast included waffles, eggs, bacon, and much more. Convenient location. Room was large and in good condition. Free wireless. Would stay there again. 
110 I stayed at the Inn at the Ballpark to see the Astros and the Cubs with my wife.We have not stayed at a nicer hotel in the Houston area.The staff was great and the location could not have been bettter. 
111 Nice hotel, next to Chinatown and close Brooklyn Bridge and B/D train stop at Grand Street. Room is pretty big by NY standards and aside from noisy A/C quite comfortable. Breakfast is nothing big or really special but good enough by NY standards. 
112 Loved this hotel! The location was great and the price was right. The room was small, but I expect that in NY. 
113 I received excellent service from Lamiaa at concierge, and from Majda at frot desk. They were bot outstanding, patient and very efficient. Their performance must be recognized. 
114 Clean room, comfortable bed, close to the airport. There are some fast food places within walking distance of the hotel. Exercise room, breakfast and pool and whirlpool. Friendly staff and we got into the hotel room a little bit before 3PM check-in. 
115 My husband and I went to Houston to see Friends and Family. This Hotel is all a Hampton stands for. It is cozy, well priced and clean. Breakfast was good and the area looked well kept. My room was comfortable and in good conditions. I would stay here again. 
116 Very classy and clean hotel. Convenient location, in the heart of Manhattan. Personnel courteous and friendly. Breakfast was included, which was a plus, because I didn't have to go outside to eat. Comfortable bed. Overall it was an excellent experience. Definitely, I recommend this hotel to my friends and family. 
117 These rooms are nice size fro NY and a family of four can rest after a bustling day. If you have kids hit Santa Land at Macy's, it is really neat. My kids also really liked eating at Jeckel and Hyde's and Ellen's Stardust Diner. 
118 Hotel was very clean, and accomodating. Room was spacious and nice. The staff was extremely solicitous. Very close to Times Sq without being in the hectic foot traffic.The restaurant next door Mont Blanc looks like nothing but, excellent brunch $15 per person with choice of cocktail including. Delish!! 
119 Rooms were great. Location is good as its near times square with good value for money. Service was efficient n staff was caring. 
120 Stayed 10 nights in July .Would thoroughly recommend. An oasis of calm with wonderful and helpful service 
121 I stayed on Dec 17, 2007. Huge clean room. Great location. Very nice continental breakfast. 
122 Room was small, but OK by NYC standards. Service was friendly, and efficient. Location is OK for subway access. Fitness room was useable. Bottom line, at the price I paid, I was very satisfied. I would gladly stay there again. 
123 This hotel is pretty far. All things considered. It is primarily located in the business district. It was very quiet and seemed to be where those truly conducting business in Houston stayed. So basically after 5pm the entire area surrounding the hotel becomes a ghost town. 
124 We only stayed one night, but we found the staff to be unattentive, carpet in room very dirty and the toilet made a harsh sound when flushed. The Good Stuff - we got a discount on Parking, the shower and bed were amazing. Location was good.. 
125 We enjoyed our stay at the Hampton in NYC (Chelsea Manhattan). Very clean and comfortable room, excellent breakfast, staff incredibly helpful, we will stay again! 
126 Great location, so close to Central Park, walking distance to Times Square. Hotel room was pretty spacious considering it was NYC. Hotel offered continental breakfast for 6$ each - great value, there was plenty to eat. I will recommend this hotel to anyone I know going to New York. 
127 Treated with dignity and respect upon arrival; Impeccably clean; Extremely comfortable mattress; Pillows perfect for great night's rest. Located on "quiet" end of town ~ an $8 cab ride (today's rates with tip) from Times Square. Sweet. 
128 ottimo albergo, carico di storia. pulito, elegante e con il personale disponibile ( fin troppo ). da provare !! 
129 Yes, the rooms are rather small, but they're pretty average for New York. Still, nicely appointed, comfortable bed, spacious bathrooms. Staff is very attentive and friendly. Location is great. And, the vibe is super. Recommend this place. 
130 We liked the staff, the room and the location. The only thing what I improve is the internet connection, it was hardly usable at the evenings. If you need it for your work you could run into problems. Otherwise we had a wonderful 10 days there. 
131 The room was very comfy, and breakfast in the Club room was very good, but the hotel itself I found just a little soulless and other than a bar and restaurant there din't seem to be much offered within the hotel. 
132 I liked the hotel a lot, the location, the politeness of the staff and the room was spacious and clean, very good place for a New Year's eve experience! highly recommended! 
133 I was very well served by Ellen in the reception and by Winston at the breakfest. 
134 The hotel was at an excellent location. One could walk to most places and public transportation was close by. Room wasgood and the view great. Staff was businesslike but not over-friendly 
135 The hotel is located in dirty street, lifts are very slow, foyer was very small, not what I would have expected from a Hilton. When I got there the wireless internet wasnt working which is critical for business travel. Cancelled my booking and moved different hotel. 
136 This hotel is across from Central Park, great location, lots of amenities, wonderful staff 
137 Club Qtrs is a great place. First class all the way. The check in is seemless, the people are friendly and the overall quality is outstanding. They have done a marvelous job in design and construction..Will stay here and in their Boston location every opportunity. 
138 Though the hotel was fully occupied, I felt like I was their only guest! Everything was perfect! 
139 Absolutely everything that we were hoping it would be: lovely, quiet, clean, great location, very friendly staff. Honestly, we don't want to stay anywhere else in NYC! Thanks, Sofitel! 
140 Very spacious and confortable rooms, though the kitchen is a little bit old fashioned. Excellent location a few minutes walk away from the bustling spots and helpful staff. We would have love a free wifi internet. 
141 Great location, not too far from the action but far enough away in a residential area. The rooms were great, large enough to live in full-time. The staff were friendly and very helpful. Would definately recommend this hotel to everyone. 
142 Upon arrival, they upgraded us to the 22nd floor with a view of the Empire State building. Room was clean, bathroom large, bed comfortable. Staff were professional and friendly, always willing to get us a taxi. Location was perfect and felt very safe there. 
143 This very clean and super location is a great respite in busy NYC. Right next door to Carnegie Hall, the rooms are very well designed with a definite contemporary edge. 
144 Don't expect big room. It is small but decent. Room and bathroom were clean. Bed was superb; you can control firmness and blankets were good. Everything is located in conveniently short walking distance. 
145 This is a European style hotel - bathroom and shower are down the hall. No problems there: clean and unoccupied each time we used it. We liked the neighborhood. This is not a fancy hotel but is great for budget tourists. 
146 I have been staying here on and off for 3 yrs. having treatment at MD Anderson. Staff is superlative and soooo accommodating. Free breakfast and shuttle to MD Anderson and area restaurants. Rooms clean and excellent value. Food just ok. 
147 Lovely stay. Nice check-in experience (towels & champagne). Room was good size (was expecting a smaller room which is typical for boutique hotels). Staff very friendly. Compared to other hotels (eg 60 Thompson) the rates were preferable. 
148 Had a great time. The staff went out of their way to be helpful. The concierge, Morgan is a standout! She is extremely helpful, knowledgable, and willing to make your stay the best it can be. 
149 Looks like they have pretty much completed the upgrades. Nice fresh appearance, comfortable bed, good breakfast assortment. One negative - it appears that the evening refreshments are not provided past Wednesday. 
150 Location excellent, Value for money excellent, Service excellent. Many thanks for a wonderful stay. 
151 Close enough to the Javits Center to walk. Room was small, but since I was there only at night to shower and sleep, this size of the room did not matter. It was quiet and clean. The staff were friendly and accommodating. 
152 Stayed here for our honeymoon last December and really enjoyed our stay. It was our first visit to NYC and couldn't have picked a better location to stay. The hotel was clean, staff were friendly and we got our room upgraded on arrival. Would definately recommend this hotel to anyone!! 
153 Convenient location, friendly staff, large and clean room. 
154 Staff was poorly trained, water was luke warm, breakfast met the spec but wasn't very good. Lots of other hotels in the area. I won't be back. Try for a Halliburton rate if you do need to get in here. 
155 Far better hotels in New York at half the cost - try Distrikt Hotel on 40th Street. If it wasn't for switching hotels mid-stay then my special trip to New York would have been a disaster!! Wi-fi at 25 dollars a night!!!!!!!!! 
156 Great room for value! One of the most comfortable beds and so Clean! Highly Recommend!! 
157 We stay this Christmas in NYC, the hotel was really good, best of all is the location is close to everything. The staff is OK, have stayed in cheaper hotels with better concierge service. I recommended this hotel. 
158 I've stayed at many trendy Hotels in NYC, but this one by far takes the cake with nice size rooms and a selection of 10 different pillows to choose from. You can have one of each if you want !! Highly recommended 
159 Good hotel Free breakfast hot and cold Small gym and pool. Free parking but small car park. No restaurant of bar but in walking distance. 
160 This is the second time we stayed at the OTA and again we have no complaints. The only small thing that could be improved is that the room is not completly dark in the morning, but it is not a great problem. We will be there again, certainly. 
161 This is probably the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The rooms are appaling air con stuck to the window with tape, broken light bulbs rock band playing next door and the final indignity a drunk passed out on the step outside. Really poor and best avoided 
162 Room a little dated - could do with all-round renovation. Sleep not helped by aircon that was either hurricane or tornado strength and loudness. Staff friendly and efiicient and a pleasant bar. Feel a bit mean - but really no better than average for this type of hotel. 
163 good hotel, very near central park, 10 minute walk from times square, some rooms in need of up date, staff very helpful, concierge know everything an everywhere you want to visit. 
164 Las habitaciones son nuevas pero estan mal cuidadas. El Hotel esta pegado al puente Mahantan por lo cual el ruido es permanente. El otro matrimonio le asiganron una habitacion que no tenia ventana, si NO tenia ventana era un cubo. Hay desayuno de cortesia. La zona es pleno Chinatown. Sucia. 
165 Not far from China Town. Bus transportation is easy to downtown, but if you have to take subway, not much so. 
166 The most accommodating staff,outstanding rooms, great service. You cannot go wrong with any aspect of this outstanding hotel! Book it... U won't regret it! 
167 Very nice, clean hotel! Great place too for people that travel w/ their furry family members! Great spread in the morning, very comfortable rooms w/ micro- fridges, which help save money on meals so you can heat something in your room if you want. 
168 The rooms were old and shabby the toilet and sink were cracked the bath was chipped not good at all 
169 I have stayed at the Sofitel on numerous occasions recently and find the place to be of incredible quality and comfort. The beds are some of the best I have ever encountered and while I am no bed expert I do spend over 100 nights a year staying in Hotels. 
170 Everything you want in a hotel. Great staff, convenient location, and clean rooms. We stayed for three nights and had absolutely no complaints. 
171 Great location, close to peir, Magnificeint Mile and close to Hop on Hop off stop. The staff were amazing and rooms were clean. The full breakfast and happy hour was great. 
172 Thia hotel was a quick walk from Penn Station, and within walking distance of Times Square and the Empire State building. The location was perfect, and so was the price. The room was clean and comfortable. It was a great find. Highly recommended! 
173 Great combination of entertainment and luxury in mid-town manhattan. When I have a choice of options, I select this location. 
174 Enjoyed my stay here & the gym us excellent! It's a HUGE hotel tho with all the convention stuff so be prepared to walk if you're doing a conference there! 
175 It whas a good hotel to sleep, and the rest of the time you are in the city 
176 You will spend $$$$ at the restaurant, but the food and the area commands it, so enjoy, The beds are very comfortable, the views are very nice and the location is very good. We would recommend this place even with renovation. Staff are very accomadating. 
177 Hotel was great , service good,bedding great,breakfast great and included 
178 First trip to NYC, and loved this hotel. Great location, clean, friendly staff, and realy compfortable beds. Would most likely stay here again on our next trip to NYC. 
179 this is my favorite hotel we stayed in a one bedroom suite with two queen bed and a kitchen and balcony 
180 This was such a great hotel beds and pillows great. Room service was great food for dinner and breakfast was really good.Staff friendly and very helpful. 
181 Great location in New York.Welcoming. Family oriented.close to theatre,fifth avenue, Wonderful shopping yet homey,calm atmosphere. for those with young girls enamoured with American Girl the location could not be more perfect! 
182 Hotel 2 stelle. Curato, ottime condizioni, servizi in comune sempre puliti. Personale Gentile. Disponibile collegamento wireless gratuito. Hotel a cinque minuti da Metro di Union square (sulla 14^ st.). Quartiere tranquillo (come tutto il resto di Manhattan). 
183 The position is perfect , the price is a little bit high for the room conditions 
184 4 star are over-rated for this kind of service. 
185 This is a great hotel in a superb location. My room was difficult to fault and I slept well. I enjoyed breakfast and the bar. The health club and especially the pool are absolutely awesome! I would recommend this hotel. 
186 The location is great during the week. I had a room over ground zero with view of the Freedom Tower. The service was bad. The front desk staff was mediocre. The genleman working the bar was rude. And, the serviceman help hale taxis was TERRIBLE. Breakfast buffet was $40! 
187 Nice hotel and very friendly lady's Liza & Vana Rooms are good And also the beds sleeps really well :) Thats whats makes me a visitor out of Holland Amsterdam smile. ( GOOD SPOT!!! IN THREE STEPS ON TIMESQUARE!!! ) Greetz from Casper de Graaf 
188 Well, it is certainly a landmark with a lot of history and a great location - it is a shame that they haven't/couldn't keep the rooms in decent condition. Rooms experience equal to an old cheap $49 per night interstate motel. 
189 Value for money for its location! Clean room Convenient for shopping and other sites Near theatre street Friendly stuff 
190 Basic enough hotel - stayed for a shopping trip with a friend so it ticked all the boxes we required. Room was a tad small and the bathroom a little out dated but other than that it was great! Location was perfect! 
191 For a central location, this was good value with very helpful and obliging staff. Rooftop pool was a real bonus (though we'd have loved it to be open earlier). Rooms clean and functional. Bar expensive - don't order G&T! 
192 Hotel great location to all amenities Times square broadway etc, staff very friendly, executive suite clean plenty of room, quiet so great nights sleep. Complimentary coffee in the morning very good and, Red Flame Diner two down from hotel great for breakfast. Would highly recommend this hotel. 
193 From start to check out, the Tribeca Grand really shined when it came to customer service. They helped us check in early after a particularly rough flight, helped us stay late when our flight was delayed, and provided excellent recommendations and accomodations in between. 
194 The hotel was clean, modern and very comfortable. Excellent value for money. Two double beds are a rare find in NYC... this hotel was an excellent find. Staff was friendly and accomodating. 
195 Ottimo albergo ubicato in una felice posizione: vicino a Times Square, comodissimo per ogni meta. Colazione da sogno: non manca nulla. Fantastico il terrazzo che attornia la hall con vista su Broadway e sulle mille luci della citta 
196 Only stopped here with friends to get drinks before heading out to a party. Right in Time Sq so busy location. Great aura and ambience. Cool decor and very clean. Wish there were a window facing Time Sq but blocked out as vip seating instead. 
197 I love this hotel. What's not to like about an upscale hotel that takes good care of you in the middle of Times Square NYC? In tru CP style, the beds are ultra comfortable and just a pleasure to stay there. 
198 Stayed a week. Room was surprisingly quiet, well appointed, comfortable. Staff was very friendly and knowledgeable about area sites. On-site cafe was perfect for quick breakfast or nice salad. Don't expe4ct Four Seasons - but for te eprice this HoJo was fantastic, outstanding, superior!! 
199 Nice hotel, good location. Great workout facility, Sam makes you feel very welcomed and keeps it very clean. Not huge, one of the best hotel gyms I've been to. Lots of people in hotel, on the river. That's all for now. 
200 First time at the Radisson and was very pleased. Location was close to everything. Room was very clean. Was surprised with a complementary buffet breakfast which was pretty good. Staff was very helpful and friendly. Check in and check out was a breeze. Will come back again. 
201 I just came back from an awesome trip to New York. We stayed at the Marcel which was a great location. The hotel staff was super friendly and very accomodating. I would highly recommend. 
202 They put us in a basement room. When we complained they said " next time tell the you don't want the basement" really??? 
203 I stayed at the Edison in march for my 40 the celebrations 
204 Stopped for 3 nights and over all it was very nice .... I would stay again 
205 Very nice hotel, great service, rooftop bar was an awesome spot to relax and enjoy the skyline. It was a pretty far walk to get to MOMA & Times Square, but plenty of restaurants/bars within a two block walk. 
206 Really comfort hotel, with great great location. The whole staff was very friendly, and they have a very good breakfast. You can believe in the pictures that you're able to see in their homepage. From now on, my first choice in NYC is the San Carlos. 
207 We stayed four days. Easy walk from Penn Station. We enjoyed our stay and will recommend it to our friends. Great selection of restaurant on 7th Av south of 28th St. 
208 Location is perfect, and it keeps the essence of the history hotel that it is. The bathrooms could use remodelation wihout loosing this essence. Howevere everyhting was fantastic. one bad thing its that you can hear elevetaros passing by from the bethroom. 
209 Everything there has a golden logo of lion:towels,sheets,carpet.It is outdated,shabby,but clean with very comfortable bed.The shower was not hot enough.Bad coffee,no tea,no sugar(only substitute)Very friendly,helpful staff.And location!!!The best possible.Drink your coffee somewhere else and enjoy Chicago. 
210 I recently stayed at the Sheraton TriBeCa while on a business trip. I found the hotel to be conveniently located to both the Financial District and SoHo. The staff were extremely nice and outgoing. A great place to stay while on vacation or on a business trip. 
211 Lobby, library, rooftop are great to socialize. Rooms & hallways dirty are screaming for overdue foe renovation & upgrades. Rooms are the size of a match box, very over-priced, spend your money elsewhere and come here to socialize 
212 5 steps you get Time Square, 10 steps Hudson and if you really wanna walk 20 steps North you get Central Park. Nice and clean place. You should test a coffee on the deck, you've a pretty sight of the city. For 400$/night all included, nothing to say. Enjoy! 
213 Hotel ligt op loopafstand van veel bezienswaardigheden, waaronder Central Park. Hotel zelf is prima. Wij hadden vier-persoons kamer. Bedden voor mij te smal met twee personen. Keurig schoon gemaakt, iedere dag. Krantje onder de deur elke ochtend. Wij waren er drie nachten. 
214 the hotel is amazing, very close to times square, 5th ave, etc. the rooms are amazing, what you see in the pictures is what you get and the staff are very helpfull. 
215 It was a great, quaint hotel. Room was very clean. Refrigerator was a nice feature. Bed was comfy and down comforter was nice. There wasn't much noise! Great neighborhood! We were four blocks from an express subway station and 2 blocks from regular subway station. Will definitely be back! 
216 My stay at this hotel was wonderful. I must especially commend Sheila Matthews who made my trip especially comfortable. Sheila provided me with recommendations for local restaurants, provided directions and made sure I had everything I needed during my stay. 
217 Stayed July 2-6th 2005. Service was awesome from the moment we stepped in. Very helpful in finding anything we needed to know about NYC. My husband and I had a deluxe room with 2 double beds. Very spaciuos! Very clean! Loved it! 
218 Wonderful hotel. By far the friendliest staff from the front desk personnel to dining staff were the friendliest I have ever had the privelege of meeting. Great rooms. Location is next to Galleria. 
219 It was my first trip to NYC & the stay was wonderful. The hotel is true old NYC, we loved it. We were within walking distance of shops, theatre & resturants. I would highly recommend the Cafe Edison. 
220 Front desk reception service was a bit slow Room clean but w/ out fridge Fair breakfast Pool is in fact much smaller than it appears on the web Concierge guys very friendly and helpful FOC shuttle service within 1 mi radius to restaurants, shopping etc Final rating fair 
221 I am very pleased with the hotel. Is near everything in manhattan, we reach the good places on foot or spending a few bucks in taxi. The hotel the decor was recently renovated and its great. This is a hotel to come back 
222 I book this place for my company's tradeshow every year. Good location, clean rooms, nice service, and free breakfast!! Room is very small, but good enough for sleep. Overall for its price is very good. Nobody complains ; ) ....oh bed is ok. 
223 Domingo Martinez Jr. did the difference every morning during breakfast. He was always smiling and ready to help. The hotel is well located and frontdesk employees are very well trained to deal with foreign people. 
224 Always love staying at On The Ave. While the lower priced room are small, the staff is extremely helpful and knowledgible and the upper west side location (2 bocks from subway and many wonderful restaurants within 4 blocks) is divine. We love to stay here when we visit the city. 
225 The staff was nice and accomodating.. they have complimentary breakfast.. 
226 Great Location, good service and very neat and clean rooms. Liked there breakfast, it was healthy and fresh. VEry clean rooms and good furniture. Very friendly people and ready to help. 
227 We loved our stay here over the July 4 holiday. The room was great, we also enjoyed the breakfast each morning and wine and cheese in the afternoon. We also loved Jeffery. 
228 This trip was to celebrate our anniversary. We simply mentioned this to Marbi as he was putting the bags in our room. Because it was in the morning, he called down and had 2 full breakfasts delivered to our room. Very kind of him to do so. 
229 Flashback to the 90's, smelling my parents smoked in living room.. Just make sure that you get a non smoking room otherwise nice service. 
230 Located near times square and tour line stops. Rooms are clean and have everything you need. 
231 Couldn't have picked a better location. Room was very clean and staff were great. 
232 Perfect location! Great stay. No complaints 
233 This is everything you can ask for in a mid-town NYC hotel (assuming you do not want/need luxury): Clean, quiet, comfortable, and affordable. Just steps from the action of Times Square. I will make this hotel my first choice when traveling to NYC in the future. 
234 Definitavimamente very good! I recommend for all the reasons: environment, Staff friendliness, facilities... 
235 Noisy , run down and unhelpful staff. The room was at the front of the hotel and the noise from traffic was constant. TV and facilities outdated and staff not very interested. Breakfast poor and expensive. 
236 Exceptional staff, spacious, luxurious rooms, delicious food and all you need to conduct your business (or pleasure)! I will stay here again! 
237 Great location. I loved visting the city and being in the meat packing district However, our stay was ruined by a very rude staff memeber named Ms. Sabino because of her I would not come back to this hotel.- Good hotel but rude staff. 
238 I stayed at the hotel for a business trip and was not disappointed. The TV quit working in my room and they quickly gave me a new room and 10,000 points for the inconvience. The small bistro was good and a nice break at the end of the day. 
239 Very nice lobby with a comfortable bar that came in handy. Overpriced like anything in NYC but service was very friendly. Rooms were small but comfortable. Location was everything and I'd definitely stay here again because of it. 
240 Rude staff, walls and doors havin peelin paint. Walls os thin that when the guest in the next room couhs durin he niht we can hear. Furniture looks like was bought in a yard sale. I am glad I slept or tried to sleep only one niht at the hotel. 
241 I was a little skeptical by previous reviews, scored an EXCELLENT price on Priceline.. Great Location, nice clean room with comfy bed! Quick check in/checkout...Only downfall was the $75 a night incidental hold on your card and no view! But other than that I would stay here again and again! 
242 We just stayed at the Public in Chicago. It was formerly the Ambassador East and they made the Public into a modern, clean hotel. Love the neighborhood and ease of walking. The lobby and restaurant seems hip and trendy. 
243 we have just returned from staying at the wellington over thanksgiving.we booked a double room with two large beds and watched the parade from our room.we paid a little more this year for our room and it really paid off. you get what you pay for and we will return.. 
244 First time in New York with family. Hotel was clean, rooms and bathroom small compared to Hotel rooms in Georgia. No bed bugs, staff was nice and helpful. breakfast was good. We could walk to times square and subway without any problems. 
245 I stayed there last summer & had no problems at all. I loved the location, walking distance to everywhere. The bathroom needed more lighting, but I found the room comfortable & quiet. 
246 A bit crazy right on the square, but centrally located. It is a nice hotel and room was comfortable. 
247 To sum up: Very Dated Rooms, OK Staff, Terrible Food.... Look somewhere else. 
248 I have traveled here with my family in the past week. The staff at check-in were extremely friendly. The location was key. Only three blocks from Grand Central. The rooms, even though they had not been updated, were very, very clean and large. 
249 It is not cheep but worth evry dollar Frendly and helping staff They let us use the swimming pool and the internet free of charge 
250 Very clean, close to all subways and buses. Very nice people!!! I will stay in this hotel my next trip to Chicago. 
251 What an impressive lobby. The parking was a bit inconvenient, but it was a great impressive lobby. The rooms were average, and clean. 
252 The beds were great. A semi firm mattress with a very thick mattress cover...very comfortable. The front counter staff was very helpful. However, the valet area is absolute chaos. Be careful or those valets might run you over because of their complete lack of organization. 
253 The rooms would fit in your hip pocket as would the "lobby" -- really just an anteroom off the street--but the location is perfect. Right on the river, halfway between Water Tower and the Art Institute. Great value. 
254 Hotel is good location... Walking distance to Rush Street, Millenium Park, etc. Hotel is a little older but clean and everyone on the staff was very friendly and accomodating! 
255 I highly recommend this hotel. The gym center, the roomy guest rooms, the wonderful view of the Central Park make the diference. 
256 The hotel is excellent. I had a two room suite that was huge for being in the middle of Time Square. The service was good and the breakfast was adequite. I would stay here again. 
257 One of the finest Hotels in New York City or any where. Grand old hotel updated with all the modern conveniences. Excellent service. Large rooms great amenities. Outstanding restaurant and NY legendary bar. A bit formal. Great location.If you can afford it this is a great place to stay. 
258 Good hotel with great service. The room was clean and spacious enough for 2 persons. The bathroom was clean aswell. Good location, metrostation nearby. And there is a nice lunchroom on the corner where you can get a good breakfast. Next time i would stay in this hotel again. 
259 Great hotel. It's got the right balance between boutique chique and the functional stuff. Also got upgraded on request, to a deluxe room no problems, no charge! All in all a comfortable stay, nice service and great part of the city to be based in. 
260 Nice hotel, great entrance. Rooms a little bit outdated but spacious which is nice in NYC. take away breakfast available, so breakfast at your room is possible. It was ok, I would gladly recommend this hotel. 
261 Hotel is located about 1.km from Time Square so hotel location is good. Rooms are very small but highly equiped and bed is very comfort. Hotel staff is very friendly but breakfest was very poor. I recommend this hotel for business traveller or couple who want to sleep very comfort. 
262 We stayed there for about 5 days. The room was large, clean and modern. The hotel is well positioned and the staff are very helpful. What else can you ask for! 
263 The Nyma is a good hotel ,exactly what you need for a family trip to manhattan.It is well located,the rooms are clean and the staff are friendly.Well,not all of them.The guy who works at the restaurant should adopt a new service providing attitude. 
264 Just come back from 5 days in New York - Stayed at the Warwick. Found it very comfortable. Staff very pleasant. Good location - easy to walk to all the sights. Didn't get a room with a view but what the heck. Would recommend this hotel. HJM 
265 Positives: Price, room larger than average for New York, location, free breakfast Negatives: Grudgy, stains on cushions and floor that are better not to think about; Very Noisy; Water in the bathroom sometimes ran brown; beds very uncomfortable. 
266 Small rooms but good service and close to everything. 
267 This hotel used to be really great. It is showing its age and except for some exceptions, the service is somewhat to be desired. This is the second Westin i have stayed in this year that did not meet my expectations Not sure I will select Westin in the future 
268 Cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. Mr Tellez and his team go far beyond the call of duty to ensure your every wish is catered for. Will never stay elsewhere in NYC now. Well done and sincere thanks to all at the amazing "W" 
269 We stayed at the Casablanca in April. It was a very pleasant stay. The hotel is immaculate and service is superb! I highly recommend it. 
270 The service at this hotel was great. Rooms were small, but good for nyc. Staff was very attentive. Appreciated the wine and cheese afternoons. Breakfast was adequate, not great. Can't beat the location-we walked or took the subway everywhere. Great for theater goers. 
271 Perfect service, perfect room, great with children, best concierge, only breakfast could be improved (if we consider the cost...) 
272 Close to everything you want to see in NYC. Great service in general. Lovely decoration at rooms, well equiped and totally renewed. Noise heard from other rooms. 
273 Had a fabulous experience as the staff made my stay. Welcoming and courteous. Rob W. and Amanda were particularly good as they were always there to help with a smile on their face. Would stay there again in a New York minute! 
274 The hotel was crowded for two of the three days I was there, so I ended up going out for breakfast. Otherwise it was a pleasant stay. The rooms were reasonable and definitely quiet, the staff were friendly and it is in a good location. 
275 We had a great stay at the GEM. The staff were friendly and accommodating and the cleaners were amazing. Further, business centre was accessible with no additional printing costs. Finally, the GEM was exceptionally gay friendly. We will definitely stay at the GEM again. 
276 Kudos to St. Giiles Hotel the Court in New York City. Pleasant, accommodating - they remembered our names without a cue from us. Made great suggestions on what to do. I'd go back anytime. Nice place, nice room and very conveniently located. 
277 The London provided excellent service for a wedding weekend, the staff was friendly, helpful and charming. I would highly recommend this hotel to others. It was overall a wonderful experience! 
278 Basic but great value hotel. we weren't going to New York to sit in a hotel room so it was great for us. only 1 block away from the subway and free wifi in the common area downstairs. Staff on reception were really helpful and had alot of local knowledge. 
279 Hotel top, Zimmer top, Service top, Aussicht top, Lage top 
280 We stayed for 5 nights in February, celebrating my daughter's 19th birthday. Staff were very nice, concierge service terrific, hotel was clean & comfortable. I will definitely stay here again. 
281 we are just back from new york, stayed at this hotel for four long nights ,absolutely terribile experience. rooms were small no hot water no ventalation in bathrooms. Generally very run down in need of a good refrub. Staff not very plesant all in all a hotel to avoid. 
282 We stayed at the Warwick in December of 2008 and had a wonderful time. The location is right in the middle of everything and the room was quiet and clean. The king size bed was particularly comfy. 
283 the service was great at the hotel one person by the name of ANDY was amazing always smiling and giving top notch service. The hotel was amazing but a little pricey but thats to expect from NYC. All in all it was great 
284 We needed a brake from the hustle of the Christmas Holiday, booked a night at the Westin River North and could not have asked for more. The location is ideal for everything, the room was clean and the with the Heavely Bed, who could say more. 
285 I came with my daughter and granddaughter so we could see some sites and take in Radio City Music Hall. The staff at the desk were so very helpful, room small, but fine and excellent breakfast. Location was perfect. Hotel was clean and comfortable. Thank you, Alice Emerson 
286 Friendly and helpful staff, a medium sized comfortable room adjacent to grand central station.An enjoyable stay and am happy to recommend it. Will stay again happily 
287 Again Thanks Very Much For The Wonderful Stay I Reccommend This Hotel To Anyone Who Wants TO Stay In New Yourk City! 
288 excellent business facilities and terrific location for non-business travel partners - close to millennium park and magnificent mile 
289 Stayed on business in late June. On first impressions the room seemed spacious. However very tired. Service was lacklustre and tardy. Breakfast was mediocre. The whole hotel needs a serious facelift and then it can enjoy its great location. Won't stay there again. 
290 Absolute Homerun. Close walking distance to anywhere. Great service. People care at the Hotel. Rooms are in great shape. Very affordable for New York. Great restaurants very close by. We left day before storm and people were more concerned for you comfort than themselves about the incoming storm 
291 It is a hip hotel but has really small rooms. It is walking distance from central park and restaurants and a short cab ride to go shopping. Christine Baranda 
292 Friendly helpful staff. Few steps to subway. One block to 34th st shopping, Macy's. Free business center and internet. Restaurant breakfast only. Room clean, but very small. 
293 If you like spending money on Internet and parking stay here. About an hour walk to anything good. If you don't stay on a high floor then you are missing out on the one good thing about the hotel ...... The view 
294 Typical budget hotel. Looked like they just remodeled, so i thought i would try them. There was Mold in shower and room just didn't feel clean. Did not really feel safe as a single female. I travel often an felt the rate was too high for what they offer. 
295 Lobby beautiful, rooms too small and not cleaned properly for price and airconditioners make room smell terrible would not recommend for people with breathing problems 
296 it is a good hotel .clean and very well located. i was there with my family, we had a nice and big room with bricks. we had even a housekeeping service at the evening. the hotel in near by the little Italy, great location. 
297 I purchased the East Meets West package for our 16th wedding anniversary. Everything was perfect!! Room upgrade, complimentary breakfast, late check-out and amazing location. 
298 Your typical Courtyard experience here....nothing out of the ordinary. McDonalds and a gas station are within walking distance if you need it. Right across the highway is a huge HEB and some quick serve restaurants. Definitely practical if you need to call on HP right across the street. 
299 Staff was great,very helpful and accomodating. Room was on the small side but very clean and with great beds. Our room was nice and quiet. Would have prefered breakfast included otherwise no complains. 
300 The room Was great and Service was excellent , it is connected to the city star mall, which you can shop,eat or watch movie 
301 Nice location, quiet, clean, friendly service. Coffee and food nearby, an easy walk to MoMa, bus and subway nearby. 
302 veramente pratico, molto ben collegato e confortevole. disguidi in amministrazione che ci hanno fatto perdere quasi 3 mattine! 
303 The good: location, and room is just great. The bad: over priced. Overcoming the bad - get it on priceline.... got it for 144$ (incl. tax!). But all amnetes (internet, breakfast etc. need extra). However - your in the middle of everything - so no need to worry. 
304 Excellent Hotel in NYC...clean rooms though typically not large but big enough...excellent staff who always remembered our names...great lounge for drinks....only inconvenience was that the tv in room 716 was not working properly...no big deal though....weren't there to watch tv... 
305 It was dirty, Loud and the staff was unfriendly. The bathroom smelled like it hasn't been cleaned at all for a long time. It has 4 stars it really only deserves 1 star. The location is great but you can get better for that price NEVER AGAIN 
306 We stay at the Omni often, and they never fail to exceed my expectations. Beautiful rooms, great location, friendly staff. It just has that something special that makes you feel like you're not staying at an ordinary chain hotel. Just lovely. 
307 This hotel is absolutely amazing! The bed was huge, the bathroom was a decent size, the size of the room was gigantic and the staff at the hotel were very friendly. Would go back to this hotel on my next visit to NYC. 
308 good bed comfortable room and breakfast. value for money. i will choose it any time. 
309 Downstairs staff was very accommodating. Location is perfect and the business center always had an open computer for my use. AND they all worked! This is my new favorite hotel. Contemporary, efficient and quiet. Only good things to say. 
310 I loved the room and the skill and attitude of the trainer Sam in the fitness center. We were comfortable and well taken care of. The proximity to the downtown area made almost all of our destinations a simple stroll. Great stay! 
311 The Moderne est un hotel calme, recemment renove qui offre des chambres confortables, avec le Wifi, et l'acces a une salle dans laquelle on peut se servir de boissons chaudes et de gateau le matin. Le personnel est serviable et tres aimable. 
312 I stayed there for three nights, it was wonderful!!! great location, good shopping, friendly staff. The front desk was very quick to adjust my bill due to an internet connection gone sour! 
313 Great hotel with good centralized location. Excellent staff. Rooms are clean, well maintained, and very comfortable. Wifi a little slow during week when many guests are signed in, faster on weekends. Strong RECOMENDATION. 
314 Also stayed in the Salisbury 4 years ago and it didn't disappoint this time. Great location beside Central Park, 5th Ave, Time Square, sub-way etc. Rooms very spacious for New York. Would stay again in the Salisbury if back to New York. 
315 Dit zijn suites (keuken, zitkamer, slaapkamer) en dus geen hotel. Waar je normaal een passieve portier verwacht, was het hier echt helemaal in orde. Wanneer je -vooral met gezin- niet te veel wilt uitgeven, is dit een perfecte suite, niet duur, terwijl je toch in de Galleria omgeving zit. 
316 Great Value in perfect location. Just next door to Times Square and just a few blocks away from Central Park. On the downside was the roomsize, really small. But what do you expect at these prices in this location. 
317 From start to finish the entire experience was great. They went over the top in making us feel special during my wife's birthday weekend. The room was adequately sized and exceptionally clean. If you are staying in Manhatten look no further. 
318 Very good location , the room are very correct for this category.. Don't hesiate to stay here, it's enough confortable for a trip in NYC 
319 Rooms very small, not very clean, very expensive as well. Breakfast is a scrum. It's only upside is the location 
320 We stayed for 5 nights from May 28th and had an excellent stay again - having previously been there in July 2004. Really Fantastic location, great rooms (got exactly what we asked for) and got a great rate from alpharooms. So all in all highly recommended. We'll be back. 
321 Great location...Clean rooms & baths...Friendly staff...Public transportation right at the front door...Good restaurant [Weber Grill]...Concierge who works with other hotels...Close to FABULOUS restaurants [ie: Joe's]...Good value. Chicago is a very competitive market...The HGI holds its own. 
322 Worst hotel ever. Service is terrible. Tells you to come down and get a heater. Doesnt look anything like the pictures. TV is about 10 inches wide. Rooms are freezing. my advice dont go there. 
323 Super hotel met geweldig ontbijtbuffet. Kamers waren zeer comfortabel en ruim. Het personeel was zeer behulpzaam. De naam zegt het al, zo wat op Times Square, dichtbij alle theaters. Zeer centraal gelegen. Geslapen op de 39e verdieping kamer 19 en 20. Wij gaan zeker nog eens terug. 
324 Radisson was such a breath of fresh air. The staff was incredibly friendly and went out of their way to be of service, Alex especially. The rooms were updated and clean and the hotel lobby made a great first impression. I loved the location as well. 
325 Room was OK, specially because the bathroom was quite new, refurbished very recently. The street was quite noise at night and you could heard some trucks playing the horn! The worst was breakfast. Poor sitting tables, plastic clutery and a bit busy. The best, WIFI available throughout the hotel 
326 Everything was great about the hotel. The staff was friendly, the maids did a great job, and the breakfast was great. 
327 beautiful hotel, clean modern room view out our window looking down onto times square. beautiful if you are willing to spend money on a top hotel. 
328 Plus: - Large corner suite high floor with the japanese soak tub. Impressive view over the city. Service great. Minus: - Breakfast: could offer more choice 
329 Big room for NYC. , good location within walking distance of St. Patrick Cathedral , Central Park, MOMA and many good Restaurants. 
330 Three minutes walk to Times Square without the hustle & bustle of the city. Rooms well appointed, with good bedding and where every works. Front of House team smile and help you with anything. I stayed there during NY Fashion Week and I think value for money was excellent. 
331 I stayed only 2 nights in this hotel on august 2010. The lobby is good, but my double rooms use single was very small, with mold smeel. Also the bathrooms was very old. With a free business center. I suggest to customers without expectations and who are in transit. 
332 Nice hotel. well located. Sister hotel of the soho grand hotel. Few minutes away from chinatown. I would recommend this hotel 
333 We stayed at this hotel last week and it exeeded all of our expectations The. J. W. Suite was very nice, clean and spacious.We loved the location because we were very close to Grand Central Station.The breakfast was a little overpriced. All-in-all another great Marriott experience! 
334 I stayed in a balcony king room. My only complaint was the AC seemed a bit weak. The room bad a humid feel with a bit of a musty odor. Everything else seemed really nice. 
335 Physical location is excellent the room was very clean and tidy however communication from staff to clients was OK. They should explain the various benefits to platinum members ie. Where the gratis breakfest was served. 
336 Stayed at the hotel last weekend, rooms nice big and clean. Great plasma TVs in both rooms (Booked a corner suite). If your going to NYC definately one to book. Staff are very friendly and nice. You wont hear the ground zero noice honest!! 
337 The rooms are nice and very clean, the staff was efficient, breakfast buffet was very good and the hotel is in a great location. We would definitely stay there again! 
338 This place was horrendous. When I arrived, there was dries toothpaste spit in the sink. The hallways were loud. The lone computer used to print boarding passes wasn't working. The rooms look like they're falling apart. Go someplace else. Trust me...you'll save yourself a night of misery. 
339 The hotel has a great locaton just half block from times square, the doorman was very helpfull and friendly, the rooms and bathroom very clean, beautifull lobby ,and a great price 
340 Muy amplia, bastante limpia. Tenia una fuga de agua en algun lado y se mojo la concineta y no nos dejaron toallas suficientes pero fuera de eso muy bien. El cuarto muy acogedor, el clima excelente. Camas muy comodas. Las manzanas del lobby deliciosas. 
341 we've booked this hotel for the 2nd time. But there won't be a 3rd. In 3 years, nothing changed and the rooms looked (and smelled) the same. 
342 Small lobby. Ok service. Good location. Fair price. Good to stay for short time. Rooms are small but not bad when u are out all day and just need the room to go back and sleep at night. 
343 Booked last minute for a fun overnight in NYC on 12/27/09.Very friendly staff!!! Kept our bags until room ready-so we didnt waste ANY time waiting.This was the best priced room we found. Will go back!!! 
344 Loved the Waldorf Astoria-such an iconic building. Fantastic location. Great service. Hotel may be a little tired but still has it's grandure. 
345 For the most part this was a decent hotel. I just stayed one night for a quick business hotel, and it satisfied my needs. However, the rooms seem to be poorly insulated, and it was very noisy. Also, the staff seemed somewhat arrogant, and weren't the most friendly. 
346 Large room with a kitchen, great staff, excellent location (especially if you're flying in/out of Laguardia - 15 mins). Also found out it was pet friendly. Will definitely stay again. 
347 When I went to use the gym, Sam Guiragossian offered to work with me on weight training, as well as core abdominal work. He was thorough and patient. He went above and beyond by scanning the routine and emailing it to me. What fabulous treatment. 
348 This hotel was just what we were hoping for. Friendly staff, clean room and great location. We will definitely use this hotel again. 
349 My wife and i stayed here mid January. I'm just posting to say all the reviews about the Belvedere are correct, this hotel is very clean and tidy and the staff are very friendly. The location of this hotel is superb and perfect for seeing the sights. 
350 Enjoy my a romantic stay at "The Roosevelt" My boyfriend and I found it very comfortable and cozy 
351 The bed was cozy and headboard sturdy 
352 Location was great as well close to some of NYC best restaurants an attractions. Was a great NYC romantic vacation. 
353 The beautiful architectual features made this hotel feel luxurious and nostalgic. The room was spacious enough to accommodate a family of four. The best featute-the blackout curtains made for a peaceful nights sleep. I brag all the time about finding this fabulous hotel for the price we paid. 
354 Loved the hotel, loved NYC, definitely going back here. 
355 We stayed for 3 nights around new years. The room was spacious and the bed was extremely comfortable. Location is spot on for exploring Manhattan. Friendly and helpful staff. Special thanks to Dio Jackson and his team for all their help. We will definitely stay here again. 
356 I stayed at the DaVinci August 25-26. It's not the Ritz but it's clean, comfortable, and safe and in a great location. Don't come here expecting four or five star service but it's decent considering what you paid for it. I, for one, will be back. 
357 Stayed here after a night out in Chicago. It was nice, clean and friendly. This is the 2nd time we've stayed here and enjoyed it each time. Breakfast was delicious as well! 
358 This hotel is beautiful! The size of the rooms is huge by New York city standards, and wonderfully decorated. The service was wonderful and the location is spectacular, with central park across and Madison a street down there is no better location! 
359 This is a nice hotel choice on the west side of town. The furniture is a little dated but overall the rooms had a nice lay out. 
360 New York met kerst, need I say more, hotel was oke, locatie super. 
361 My husband and I decided to book a room to stay there for one night. The room was immaculate and the bathroom was updated and clean! Loved our stay there perfect location and everyone greeted us. 
362 stayed in a standard room. too noisy for me. in the heart of times square 
363 hotel a recommander, tres bien situe pour visiter new york,l accueil tres sympa grace a marcos qui savait le francais 
364 Our room on the 11th floor had comfortable beds, a fridge, and lots of fluffy towels each day. Combined with a location on Times Square and close to restaurants and theatres, what else does one need for a great New York City experience...... 
365 I stayed at Hotel Chandler For two nights in March 2010. I had a very pleasant stay and recieved the best customer service. The room was very clean and comfortable. I would definately stay there next time i visit NY. 
366 Loved this place. You don't go to a city to stay in your hotel, but you want it to be clean when you're there. Which is why these affordable, small but nice and clean rooms are perfect for a city visit !! 
367 For medical-related stays the location is unbeatable. But the hotel is "long in the tooth," the restaurant very average, the parking costs approaches gouging, and the rooms are very small. A good fitness center. 
368 Great new Hyatt, fantastic location - really great. Hyatt seems like they wanted to open it as an Andaz because it has the look & feel of one. Very nice rooms. Close to everything. Great choice for almost any activity in the city. 
369 Very nice hotel and well located. Clean and recently renewed. Perhaps the worst thing was that our double room was quite small. The lifts were slow and in many cases 3-4 minutes were required to reach your floor. 
370 The Four Seasons Beverly Hills...simply perfect. Staff is discreet and professional. Spacious luxurious suite. Food was fabulous. By far the best place to stay when in LA. 
371 Could not possibly say enough wonderful things about this hotel! We stayed in the suite - and were so impressed my husband took VIDEO of the place! **THREE** closets in this suite - one of them a walk in! Seriously, splurge for the suite if you can... 
372 A great location and fantastic service - keep up the good work! We had a very nice week in the Tower. Only one thing, the windows were not tight enough, so we had some noise from the street. The next stay in NY = The Palace and the Tower! 
373 Great reception, Excellent place to stay at. The location was not to bad, I did have noisy folks next door but overall I felt good at my stay. Clean Suite, very spacious I almost wanted to live there. Also Negesti was gracious and lovely helping me 
374 We choose the 12th floor and LOVED it! not the best looking room but it served its purpose, Very close to great food and subway also the beds are comfy :^) Enjoy your stay Willie 
375 Great service and very friendly staff. My wife and I were staying there for our anniversary on points. They gave upgraded us to a huge whirlpool suite room. We will definitely be back, probably with the kids though! 
376 This hotel has been my place to stay in NY for the past 3 years. Great rooms, great service, great staff and great location! 
377 We expected more than we received and were sadly disappointed. The room was small and had a large mildew spot on the ceiling. The restroom was dirty with mildew around the sink and shower. I would avoid this hotel in the future. 
378 ...perhaps this is what you get in the way of luxury for NYC, but I suggest spending your money elsewhere... 
379 Value is not a good word to describe it because it usually associates with low quality, but not here. This hotel has very small rooms, but the attention to detail in the cleanliness was appreciated. Hotel bar is okay. Discounted parking was appreciated. 
380 Very pretty rooms with an European flair. We had a great view of the river, and could walk to everything. We said 'wow' when we opened up the curtains. The prices in the restaurant were extremely high however. 
381 Very clean room and facilities. Good breakfast, excellent espresso machine. Friendly, knowledgeable staff. What moer can you ask for. Nice stay, thankyou. We will be back... 
382 Very safe, great location, helpful staff. Rooms are comfortable, not overly luxurious, but clean and warm. We would definitely stay here again 
383 The hotel has a great location, in walking distance of most of the major tourist destinations and mid town offices. The room was very comfortable and the service was welcoming. I will return the next time I'm in NYC 
384 We have stayed at this hotel on our annual girls trip for the last two years, and just made reservations for our stay this June. The staff is excellent, the rooms clean, and the location is in walking distance of everything we need. Can't wait to stay again. 
385 Early December...clean and spacious by NYC standards. Great bathroom and quiet sleeping. Best bed ever! Near the subway and near Zabars and Central Park. I hope to stay there again. 
386 I have been staying there for over 35 years and everybody knows me. Very nice rooms after the renovations.Staff very friendly Hotel very clean 
387 Great staff, hot breakfast included, comfy bed, good location 
388 wow, what a great stay!!! the saf was truly the best i have encounted in quite some time, from my quick check in with Yolanda, to the waite staff, Amanda, Marie, Carolyn, and Araceya creating the perfect stay for my wife and I... just awesome!!! 
389 Location was excellent for our purposes, very quiet room on 11th floor with nice views, north and east to the Central Park. Room was small, but worked very well. The bathroom was a bit tight. Service was excellent when needed. 
390 Unique and comfortable, close to all. We really enjoyed our stay 
391 This ancient art deco property retains some of the glamour of an earlier, grand era, but the rooms are shabby, worn, and rundown. Small bathrooms, ancient fixtures, inability to do much about temperature control. But the prices reflect this situation, so you get what you pay for, 
392 Hotel nice, central location, rooms have nice modern features, small, but that's just NY I suppose Concierge is terrible though, mis sold us overpriced tickets to statue of liberty tour telling us we'd be able to skip queue, which was completely untrue..stay well clear! 
393 Excellent location Reception and bar furnished fantastic Concierge top, super diligent Rooms small but very comfortable 
394 Lots of great delis and restaurants within a 3 block radius. Concierge and bell staff are very helpful. If you're into using the spa, book your appointment earlier to have it fit your schedule. 
395 Die Lage des Hotels ist kaum zu schlagen, direkt an der 5th Avenue und nur wenige Blocks von Central Park, Rockefeller Center, Times Square & Co entfernt. Der Service war in Ordnung, am Zimmer nichts auszusetzen und die Bar stylish. 
396 Arredamento moderno pulito, centralissimo e con un centro fitness incredibile. Lo consiglio assolutamente !!!!! 
397 Great location. Short walk to central park. An easy walk to Times Square and Broadway. Lovely big clean rooms. Recommend upgrading to a suite. The staff are all so friendly and helpful. The parking a block away is safe and reasonably priced. Would stay there again! 
398 a very centrally located near metro rail way station beetween columbus circle and coloumbia university.you will appriciate its cleaness.the receptionist will help you to buy bus passand guide you for sight seeing.but the rooms are a bit expensive as i had to pay tax extra but it was worth. 
399 Everyone at this hotel should be praised. Everyone was extremely attentive and nice. The Conseiger were very helpful and really versed. I would definitely use this hotel again if I were to travel to NYC. 
400 The hotel needs internal surgery, but very cozy. Excellent location but most of all the Staff is very helpful, friendly and down to earth!!!! The management team are efficient, specially Betty at the front desk, she ROCKS!!!!!!! 
401 Although location of the hotel is good, the interior needs better touch ups. I expected better standard of rooms for such price. The telephone in the room was not working. The gypsum in the room was not good. However, I do need to mention their reception was very helpful. 
402 Stayed there last week for 4 nights, room clean staff friendly and helpful but not over the top. Nothing to much trouble. Food lovely and plenty of it. Really is home from home. Would definitely stay there again. 
403 Stayed at this hotel from 4th of Jan for three night, excellent all round, got upgraded foc. Room was spacious, bathroom was a little small but excellent. Location cannot be beat and staff were wonderful and all for the price of $130 including taxes per night per room!!! Amazing!! 
404 Everything is exactly what you'd expect from a great property like Starwood's W. The late nite scene was kind of dead but I was there for work so it didn't matter to me at all. Perfect rooms, service and the price was right too, comparatively to other W's like Boston's. 
405 friendly hotel in Chinatown. Not far from metro or bus. Who wants a good sleeping place in a clean hotel for a good price in New York. Almost under the manhattan bridge so a little noisy. 
406 Fantastic location, serivce, room quality, outlook, people, value for money luxury 
407 Park Savoy was clean, beds were comfortable, included freshly baked muffins & coffee in the morning, staff was very helpful, it was close to many places we like to go in midtown. It also had a very good map of NYC. 
408 i showed up at this place to have a one night stand. i know, totally. but the room they gave for the price was horrifying. i complained and got a better room, but there were still roaches in the bathroom and the overall vibe is pretty disconcerting. 
409 Luxury lobby. Loved the location - very close to Central Park and everybody washes the sidewalk on the street of the hotel in the morning. Clean rooms, not so big, but it's Manhattan. Even in the 5 stars hotels the rooms are not big. Small but very clean bathroom. 
410 Had a suite with kitchen, from other reviews was expecting pipes to keep us awake but there was little noise (We probably ae used to it coming from New England). I have to compliment the staff everyone was helpful and very nice. 
411 I was pleasently surprised at how clean and nice the rooms were. You get what you pay for here. Very quiet in the room at night, you don't hear the busy streets. Nice shampoos and bathrooms too! 
412 Albergo in centro - ottimo servizio e colazione da gustare e godersi in vetrina.. Camera confortevoli e pulite - Servizio consegne pacchi un po' dispersivo, dal Front Desk alla consegna pacchi, pacchi un po' irriperibili... In generale da consigliare!! 
413 Great location, very helpful & friendly front of house. There were four off us staying in a suit and there was more than adequate room. Next trip to NYC Affinia Dumont will be the place where I stay for sure. Excellent value for money. 
414 I don't typically stay on Broadeay but a conference at the Marriott made a broadway hotel a good idea. The Millenium had the best prices and, as I found out, really REALLY wonderful staff! 
415 From the time when we stepped into the hotel, we always received excellent attention from the hotel employees. The room was spectacular, clean, and perfect for our trip. Location was also pretty good. Great high speed internet. 
416 I am a very frequent traveler within Texas. This hotel is absolultely my favorite place to stay. Excellent location with easy access. Staff, without question is responsive, friendly and are customer service oriented. Beds are very comfortaable. I have stayed here a number of times over the years 
417 A fantastic hotel, excellent location and good value for money in Manhattan! The breakfasts were a great way to start our day, the beds were comfy, the rooms clean & best of all the location was nothing short of superb. 
418 No complaints about this hotel. Check in was prompt and courteous. Desk upgraded me to a great room. Room was spacious and clean. Housekeeping staff were very nice. Location was great for walking to Central Park and Times Square. I would stay here again. 
419 Nice hotel located just off of Westheimer. Very convenient to shopping and restaurants. Staff was helpful. Room was spacious (king bed suite). Would definitely recommend this hotel to others. 
420 Great stay. The hotel staff was wonderful and helpful. They immediately upgraded our room after we called about the view from our first room. The room was huge and very comfortable. The location is excellent - close to Theatre District and Times Square. Would definitely stay here again. 
421 Located 1 block from Union Square surrounded by shops, restaurants and night clubs. The room is clean and simple. The best hotel value in New York City. Free Internet in the lobby and common lounge area. I stay here every time I goto New York City. 
422 Friendly staff, small but very clean rooms, will go back again. 
423 Prima hotel, wel wat geluid van AC (denk ik) maar niet erg hinderlijk. Het meegeleverde zwembad was wel meestentijds verhuurd aan clubs, en dan kon je er geen gebruik van maken. Het ontbijt was redelijk maar niet overdadig of luxueus. Goede bedden, vriendelijk personeel. 
424 Nice hotel- clean rooms that comfortable but on the smaller side. The staff was friendly and accomodating. The nicest part is the location- perfect for strolling the Mile, shopping and great places to eat nearby. 
425 This is a great over all hotel. It is in a great location, has a beautifully decorated interior, is clean, has good room service and an excellent staff. I highly recommend staying at this hotel. 
426 I am very impressed with the Park Central had a great rate, room was very good staff was A+ Carolin at the front desk was awsome gave us great things to do around the city, helped me out with my client she was awesome overall great hotel 
427 I just returned from 2 nights at Novotel and it was fantastic. This was a last minute trip - price was right, staff was freindly and helpful, location was perfect. Would definitely stay here again! 
428 We stayed 5 days here,the location is excellent,very central.prize is resonable,room is fine but the problem is with room tempreture control,we can not controll tempreture from our room,its control by menegment office........,lots of good resturants nearby. 
429 I stayed here on my second trip to NYC. The hotel is very nice, staff wonderful. The room was a little small as it was my mother and I staying in the room together. We had one queen bed, and the room was pretty small. 
430 The walls in this hotel are paper thin, you can hear everything that is going on in the next room. Two nights out of our 5 night stay we were repeatedly awakened by people in the next room. Could not have appetizers only in the dining room. 
431 positives: 1) good location, out of the way, but still close to the action 2) friendly staff 3) fair size rooms negatives: 1) some maintenance issues (phone/lamps not in proper working order) 2) overbilled on internet uss (but staff promptly credited) 3) staff forgot to follow through with one request 
432 Located at steps from Times Square, perfectly managed, super friendly staff; clean, nice and spacious rooms; delicious breakfast, wine and cheese in the afternoon. "I'll be back!" 
433 After reading some of the reviews concerning the Hudson, we were a bit worried. However, a double bed room proves to be roomy enough for three individuals. The staff was friendly and prompt. Overall, I would gladly stay here again. 
434 My colleague and I was in New York for business and was recommended to stay in the Lombardy. What a great deal. We had a suite (303) with an extra bed. Almost 85 sqm apartment with beautiful interior and solutions. Will definitively use again. Very accommodating staff as well. 
435 Great location and very nice amenities. Plenty of room for 2 adults and 2 teenagers. 
436 Front desk girl was RUDE. Everyone else wass EXTREMELY ACCOMODATING and PLEASANT. Our room was on the 18th floor which was right under the rooftop bar. So if you want quiet, then be sure not to stay on the 18th floor. 
437 Five nights at The Barclay, nice hotel, well located, amazing staff, room was not ready at 5 pm after check inn but they gave us free breakfast next morning. excellent location very close to a lot of attractions, big room but small bathroom. I'd stay again for sure 
438 The room is not so big, but for NY I think is OK. The location its not so bad, but area is not so beautiful. 
439 Central location, but exception food on site. Also, beautiful pool and nightlife. 
440 I stayed here because of the location, and will go back because Mohammed was so kind and helpful to me. Since this was my first business trip to NYC I had a lot to learn about navigating Manhattan. The room was nothing special, other staff were routine. Mild recommendation overall. 
441 The hotel was clean and the staff was very helpful. The rooms are comfortable and quite. A good buy when compared to other hotels in the area. Hotel is just down the road from some good restaurants. Nothing fancy, but I had a great stay and will stay here again. 
442 Nothing more to say except : GO TO SOFITEL NEW-YORK ! You can't be disappointed ! The rooms and the beds are absolutely amazing ! And if you're lucky you could have a room in the highest floor and have a wonderful view on NYC. The service is perfect. 
443 Enjoyed my three night stay. I wish I could have stayed longer. I certainly would stay on my return. Breakfast was excellent to energize you for hours of walking. I ate dinner once and was very good but portions could have been larger. Pleasantly surprised on size of the room. 
444 Very clean rooms, pleasant employees, easy access to Interstate 10, nice breakfast offerings, cookies available at the desk, hard beds, dissappointed that animals are allowed in the rooms. Heard barking when a dog was left alone in a room during the day and have allergies to pet hair 
445 Great views of the city from higher floors. Staff do try hard to be helpful and the elevators sometimes take a while to arrive. Big rooms very comfortable. 
446 I would highly recommend this hotel. It was clean and recently updated. Free parking during your stay. Close enough to walk to Time Square. Staff was very kind to work with. 
447 First time at the Park Central NYC. Elizabeth at the front desk was great, handled a couple of check in needs i had and got me into my room at 11:30am. Hotel is centrally located, two blocks from Central Park. Room is good size and very clean. 
448 This hotel was always on my bucket list and felt I had to stay, but I was let down by the service, the size of the room and the darkness of the room, and the general appearance of the interiors. I'm glad I stayed, but wouldn't do it again. 
449 Stayed in summer 2011. Good size, clean rooms, everything works. So far best experience in New York. Would definintely stay again if have a chance. 
450 The hotel is close to 5th Ave. for shopping/ lots of restaurants nearby. There is alot of walking in NYC so wear comfortable shoes; don't be afraid to explore the area around hotel. Front desk was helpful to give directions and several maps of city and subway. 
451 Thank you LIza Ovalle for yout great welcom for my first time in New York!! For sure i'll come back in your hotel and hope to be served by you! :) Great location, clean, care personnal! What else? See you soon!! 
452 nice stay at luceren hotel love holiday to stay on good cultural activities good food to eat nice sughseen nice room with well maintained 
453 Echte aanrader! Vriendelijk, behulpzaam personeel, mooie moderne kamers (beetje aan de kleine kant, maar ok voor New York), badkamer met douche en Aveda producten, zalig comfortabel bed en amper nachtlawaai. 
454 Albergo eccezzionale, non ho trovato soddisfacenti le camere quadruple da me richieste; in 2 camere su 3 al posto del doppio matrimoniale ci hanno dato 1 matrimoniale e un divano letto doppio. Per il resto tutto OK 
455 Room was nice, clean and quiet. But, for a room that you mostly just sleep in, the price was out of line. No special experience here. Meal at Quattro restaurant in the morning was also way over priced. Two eggs bacon and fried potatoes for $22. Never again. 
456 Great location in the center of New York, walking distance to Times Square one minute. Room on 14th floor, very loud, but thats what I`ve expected. Beds great, good quality. Staff friendly, breakfast 15Dollars buffet. Anyway, too expensive. 
457 An absolute treat and perfect location. Continental breakfast buffet style with all you can eat for an amazing $5. Lovely rooms and very helpful staff. A little dated but very comfortable and a touch of history amongst all those chain hotels. Will make this my first choice again. 
458 We stayed for a lay over and the staff and hotel was fantastic. We had enough beds so that we all had our own bed. The breakfast was good as well. I would definiately say there again. 
459 Location was very convenient - close to airport and easy to find. The breakfast included was simple but had a good choice of self serve foods. The room was quite big for the price. It was a good choice for us. 
460 Het hotel is een aanrader voor wie een bezoek brengt aan NewYork. Voor een degelijke prijs ben je onmiddellijk op 5th avenue. In de zitruimte gratis koffie en WiFi. Vriendelijk onthaal! Nadeel: geen ontbijt, maar dan ga je gewoon naar een Panera Bread voor een lekker ontbijt. 
461 Read the other reviews for how great this hotel is. Just look at the views from the room (53rd Floor). The curtains were never closed....... 
462 De momento nao encontro dicas ou orientacoes a propor. Gostei muito da minha estada. O Hotel tem excelente localizacao, servico impecavel, tudo de bom... Sem duvida, um hotel que nao terei qualquer duvida em recomendar aos meus amigos. 
463 Very nice location right up the street from a hotel that was not as nice.Comfortable unique rooms!Nice and quiet at bedtime we had good room location apparently.Nice trendy comfy pool area.Will stay there again! 
464 Very good experience, overall I liked this hotel. I don't travel much for work, but when I do I like to feel relaxed in the hotel. Excellent help by the hotel staff as well. 
465 Convenient location, clean, good value, room very nice considering budget hotel. The charge for parking is unusual for this type hotel, but you can park in the unsecure area without fee if you dont put provide vehicle info at check-in 
466 The staff was extremely friendly upon arrival, they welcomed us at the door! The rooms are small, but well worth it. Centrally located and easy to walk to from anywhere downtown! 
467 Viaggio in New York.....alloggiamo in questa meraviglia. Costoso ma vale ogni dollaro speso.....Provare per credere... Elegante, posizione centrale, ricercato. 
468 I had my family and friends stay at the hotel for our wedding. I would recommend this hotel for future events. 
469 Robert in the fitness center was extremely helpful and very personable. The fitness center is very well equipped for a hotel and extremely clean. The pool is large and picturesque. Zita is a fantastic massage therapist and very personable as well! 
470 Hotel was beautiful and rooms were very nicely decorated. We were able to get a great rate by booking on Priceline. 
471 Room smelled of hookers and strippers. Walked into our room and could only imagine what had taken place there before us. The abandoned chinese joint in front of the hotel looks as if asian zombies walk thru the parking lot at night looking to eat hooker brains. Creeeeeepy! 
472 Great location, near Times Square. Clean, well kept rooms, with good beds. Modern bathrooms, also well maintained. Pleasant, helpful staff. Self-serve breakfast included. Rooms are small, but that's Manhattan unless you spend much more. We've stayed here several times. No problems. 
473 Me and my best friend stayed here for my 50th birthday and it was very nice. Hector our conceige was very, very nice and helpful. The other staff was not as friendly. The rooms are small but very clean. The subway is steps away. I would stay there again. 
474 Very good, pleasant clean hotel in excellent midtown location. Beds are excellent. 
475 Staff were pleasant but not outstanding. Room was of a good standard but no views, but what would you expect in the centre or New York! Ideally located for just walking out of the front door and being very close to most things. 
476 Hotel estupendamente ubicado pero mu descuidado y sobre todo viejo El precio es acpetable 
477 We stayed here for a week and really really enjoyed our stay. This is the perfect location for someone new to New York. It puts you in the middle of everything. Right outside your hotel's door is the most famous town square in the world. 
478 This hotel was horrible. It was dirty and had a terrible smell. The air conditioner was covered with spider webs. The carpet was filthy. There was a 1 inch gap between the top of the door and the frame of the door. Filthy, dirty smelly..that best describes this hotel. 
479 This large hotel, or were the room only large?, was truly a magnificent Hotel in the good old days, but these days, I would have expected a more modern equipped room and amenities. 
480 This place is not renovated, its a dump. Been staying at hojo for 18 years never again hello holiday inn. 
481 i agree with what others have said. large clean rooms with small kitchen useful for us to have cereal and toast in the morning.about a five minute walk to grand central subway.quiet location.plenty of bars and cafes nearby. 
482 one half block from tkts booth on times square, old rooms and hardware but sufficiently sized, everything works, housekeeping and front desk excellent, reasonably priced and good food at cafe on street level, clean and attractive 
483 The perfect place to stay for anything in Manhattan. Good staff. Great location. Nice building. 
484 Hotel is close to Times Square. Room was spacious and quiet. We were within walking distance to subway system. 
485 I have been staying at the Mayfair for years. You have to watch the prices but generally they are better than most other places. Expect no frills, small rooms. 
486 Nice hotel, great location nearby everything, good neighbourhood, all necesarry faciliteit available 
487 Basic good quality middle-of-the-road hotel. Nothing offensive. Lobby is a bit of a convention center. Rooms not bad quality. Had a rate of $180- for that kind of rate, I'd definitely stay here again. Above $250 per night, don't bother. 
488 This is just the easiest way to catch a morning international flight. Spend the night, have a nice dinner and walk to the plane. 
489 Very nice location, but a bit tired hotel. Anyway I like this place very much despite the fact that they do not want to provide their visitors with yoga mats)) Njoy it my favourite is suite 2222 during the weekend.... 
490 If you want somewhere central then this hotel is perfect. It was clean and modern but be warned rooms are tiny - not even room for our luggage. 
491 Advise for the fb manager : google "continental breakfast"... It will help you to find the way... Advise for the owner : buy some ABB stock it will certainly help you to past the pain of your unusefulled investment 
492 Close to times square and metro stops. rooms are OK for NYC but will avoid times square are for staying on next trips. 
493 the hospitality and treatment from the staff was remarkable. i would recommend anyone that visits NYC to stay at this hotel and the location is phenomenal. 
494 Saw a concert @ Toyota Center, this place was perfect!!! Able to walk to concert. Restaurants w/in walking distance. Rooms were very clean. No problems with reservations for 2 rooms that was made a few months ago. Will definately stay again! 
495 the rooms were not clean, the toilets had mold the staff were not happy to help at all rooms don't have a mini bar or a safety box the carpets n lamp shades had stains on them 
496 We stayed here in August 2010. The room was small but comfortable. Service was helpful and considering that we were in the heart of NY, In my opinion the value was very good. Absolutely no complaints about this hotel. 
497 Wow, very very overpriced and service is horrendous. Tired and old. An hour for room service at 1:00 am? That's when you're at your hungriest. In NY,. that just doesn't work 
498 Rooms are small, but more than adequate and clean and beautifully appointed. Staff is amazing - always friendly and welcoming. Location is great, in Times Square, but off on a quiet side street. Quick access to subway. Free breakfast and wifi. 
499 I have been here before and once again the room was great, quiet. I asked for a quiet room and non-connecting and got an end room. 
500 You can hear normal conversations in the room beside you. The hotel is very nice and in a great location but its ridiculous that you can hear everything......what a poor design!! 
501 I stayed at the Hotel last weekend with friends. The hotel is at a great location and the staff was very helpful. Would recommended to anyone visiting NYC 
502 Great location. A few blocks from the subway station and 5 blocks from Times Square. Clean and good size room. 
503 Very clean, people are very friendly and ready to attend all demands you have. Very well located, close to everything that matters. Everyday they warn the clients about the weather for the next days with godiva chocolates. 
504 So convenient to everywhere. Great room with a view. Would recommend its location to everyone. 
505 Location is very good, bedrooms are really clean, also shared bathrooms. We felt really confortable! 
506 Great hotel in midtown. Wonderful service and beautiful design. Very modern yet comfortable. Basement bar is interesting, wonderful and intimate. I recommend this hotel, particularly if you are staying near Bryant park. 
507 My husband and I picked this hotel based on affordability and location. The lobby is gorgeous and our room was clean and comfortable. What surprised us the most was how quiet it was. If you are on a budget, I would definitely recommend! 
508 Clean good size room with fridge and microwave, fantastic location 5 minutes walk to Times Square. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful, we would definately stay here again and have recommended the hotel to family and friends. 
509 Great hotel with fantastic service. Love the amenities. 
510 Stayed one night, needed to be in the Medical District and that area is not the best. Got a very good rate on Hotwire, would not pay full price for this hotel. Comfortable bed and pillows, free parking. But it does need updating. It's clean, just old. 
511 Great Hotel....... 10 minute walk to Times Square. Close to subway & small eateries. More importantly the staff were fantastic & helpful, from the girls on the front desk to the doorman! Definitley will be staying their again on our next Holiday!.....Value for money Hotel! Travellers from Sydney 
512 Excelent location, very close to Time Square and 5th Ave. The service is great and very friendly. The room was bigger than we expected. I would stay again in my future trips to NY 
513 Have stayed in this hotel three times this year. All aspects of the stays have been excellent from the initiial contact with the desk by telephone thru the entire stay, Excellent place to stay in the Midway Airport area. 
514 The Cooper Square Hotel was beautiful, the room was clean with an amazing view of the city, the staff was friendly and accomidating, the location was unbelievable, all in all I woul dhigly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great place to stay in the city. 
515 The hotel has a lovely contemporary european feel and the staff couldn't be nicer! We stayed in a nice quiet room on the 15th floor. Great little bar in the lobby that serves really good appetizers. Love the location. Nothing but wonderful things to say about this place! 
516 No Breakfast, I have stayed at alot of choice hotels....but no breakfast, just a little disppointed. As usual for NYC Hotel rooms small. As usual comfortable bed. Desk clerks very nice. Soho Nice area, Nice restautants around area. Breakfast places not close it seemed for a sunday 
517 Horrible service, dirty rooms, and even provided service for Ahmadinejad's thugs. Stay away. We were greeted well on arrival and found the facility itself to our liking. It was larger than it appears from the outside facade, richly decorated, and structurally well maintained. 
518 The location is a bit out of the way I think, but this is a good deal for it's overall value. Everything was reasonably clean and tidy and the staff was friendly. I've stayed in better hotels but wasn't terribly disappointed with this one. 
519 Fabulously stylish hotel, greatest doorman on this planet, a staircase that should be in a gallery..... The only down side would have to be the extremely aloof bar staff. But I can even forgive them and their prices..... 
520 This is my 6th time in this hotel. It is too expensive for what you get. Rooms are very small but clean. What they are calling a gim is a disgrace....Why i am coming back? Location location location. 
521 Nous avions une escale d une nuit et avons trouve cet hotel tres pratique. La navette gratuite est venue nous chercher 10 minutes apres notre arrivee et elle etait a l heure pour nous ramener le lendemain. La chambre etait grande et propre. 
522 stayed here solo for a business trip and all i can say is that this hotel is average, pretty good service and value. but sorry don't think i'm coming back again, unless there's promotions or something. 
523 I stayed here in late April. The desk clerks were friendly and helpful. The hotel is small, but the rooms feel new and are clean and comfortable. I'll be back. 
524 the staff from housekeeping to front dest went above and beon 
525 This is a great place with spacious modern rooms, great location and great staff. 
526 Great locacation but! Small rooms, tiny bathrooms. Small bed or beds, No coffee facilities. Lots of clean linen daily Long queues at reception. Expensive bar. Would not return. 
527 Room was tiny. Bathroom design was weird. Water would splash everywhere every time we took a shower. We asked for an electric kettle, but could never get one, neither from house keeping nor front desk. great location though for sure. 
528 This hotel offers spacious rooms in an excellent location with easy access to local attractions as well as various metro lines. However, it may be a little spartan for some. 
529 everything was great room was great breakfast was good staff was great parking and lighting in parking lot was good felt safe 
530 Hoewel we angstig waren geworden door de vele horrorverhalen op internet, bleek Hotel Carter een ideaal hotel te zijn. Vriendelijk personeel, kamers niet super, maar voldoende en zeker voor een volgende keer de moeite waard. Geen Bedbugs gezien. 
531 stayed at this hotel on recent trip five adults cant fault the hotel or service from staff spotless all the usa goverment stay here so must be good even during are stay barak barma stayed there how exciting will defo stay again 
532 L'albergo ha bisogno di ristrutturazione, la stanza era abbastanza grande, un po vecchia ma tutto sommato ok. In quanto alla posizione ottima. Appena si usciva dall'albergo eri a times square e da li potevi visitare comodamente a piedi Manathan. 
533 These are standard Hilton rooms. Location in midtown is great for shows, shopping, and central park. They have separate check-in desk for Diamonds, and exec lounge. Its a huge hotel--very busy with conventions. 
534 Nice central location, very friendly and accomodating staff. 
535 Pricey and worth it!!! class act hotel with all the feelings of being home.......spotless, great bar food location , location, location to anywhere we wanted to go. We ate in Chinatown at Wo Hop restaurant and Little Italy is right next door. Taxi ride is not costly 
536 This hotel is spotless. You won't be disappointed. Ideal location, attentive staff, rooms are tastefully decorated. Wouldn't look for another hotel when returning to the city. This is our #1 choice. 
537 We couldn't have expected any more from the hotel or the staff; they were courteous and nothing was too much trouble. Highlights of our stay were the excellent breakfast and the daily cheese and wine reception. Would highly recommend. The central location is ideal for anyone visiting the city. 
538 I had a very pleasant stay at this hotel. It was very clean, quiet, and comfortable. The staff was wonderful! They were very helpful throughout my stay. I plan to make reservations for my return to Houston in the next couple of months! 
539 This hotel is pretty disappointing if you are used to the service and style of a normal business travel hotel (Marriott, Wyndham, Hyatt, Hilton). I wouldn't come back here, I would walk or take a cab and stay further away next time. 
540 Great location in midst of active LES neighborhood, new building , excellent staff at desk / breakfast room , rooms bright though a tad small with a king bed in them , excllent shower / hot water / AC , all bells and whistles ; good value for money 
541 Stayed here for one night with wife, kids and some of their friends. Spacious suite was perfect for our crew. Located close to the Beacon Theater, plenty of bars and restaurants a few blocks away. 
542 Lo mejor del Hotel Carter es el precio y la ubicacion, esta a media cuadra de Times Square! No tiene lujos, ni mayores comodidades pero alcanza perfectamente para quienes desean un lugar donde descansar bien por la noche para continuar recorriendo NYC durante el dia. 
543 Hotel bonito situado en el mejor sitio de Manhattan habitaciones grandes y muy buena limpieza 
544 We were a bit disappointed with the Hilton ... not quite 4* in our opinion. It was functional, but nothing special. If you need a bed for the night it does the job, but be prepared to pay extra for any incidentals such as baggage check. 
545 Ho prenotato nel mese di Giugno 4 notti al Westin New York Times Square,la camera malgrado fosse una deluxe era piccola e non molto pulita. Il servizio "room service" PESSIMO,il mangiare scadente ed il tutto molto caro. L'unica nota positiva e' un'eccellente posizione dalla zona dei teatri. 
546 Albergo non lussuoso ma con camere molto grandi (addirittura cucina+salotto, camera enorme con 2 letti matrimoniali, 2 bagni) e molto pulite. Personale molto disponibile (mi hanno prenotato e confermato direttamente loro un viaggio interno alle cascate del Niagara) e prezzi abbordabili (attraverso Expedia), vicino a Central Station. SICURAMENTE DA CONSIGLIARE 
547 Convenient to the airport and no shuttle was required. The staff was helpful, courteous and efficient. Convenient also to public transportation to downtown Chicago. If I were ever stranded in Chicago again then I would definitely stay here. 
548 posizione vantaggiosa per chi vuole stare a midtown. personale gentile il resto tutto senza infamia e senza lode prima colazione buona 
549 Super bon sejour, bon accueil, Sam est de tres bon conseil et super sympa il repondra a toutes vos questions et problemes. Nous reviendrons avec plaisir au Best westerne hospitality house Il est tres bien situe on peu tout faire a pied 
550 Camera da incubo : pareti scrostate, moquette consunta, tende luide, vetri sporchissimi, bagno piccolissimo con vasca macchiata e tubi rugginosi. Condizionatore/riscaldatore vecchio, arruginito e mal funzionante. Porte delle camere e corridoi fatiscanti. Siamo scappati ... 
551 Our stay at the Affinia 50 Hotel was wonderful. We were particularly happy with our valet, Lenny, who took good care of our Mini Cooper Clubman. It was a pleasure to work with him and to know our car was in good hands. 
552 Most airport hotels make me feel that they are taking advantage of me because I have limited choices on where to stay, but not the Hilton. I felt very welcomed when i arrived. Good facilities, comfortable room, and very quiet. 
553 excellent room, had 2 queen mega room. spacious by new york standards, concierge and all staff excellent and efficient. lifts speedy, living room beautiful with complimentary wifi, extremely comfortable bed and pillows 
554 The hotel was above average with its ammenities. However, the location is excellent! 
555 What a great hotel! Location is perfect, the staff was very helpful and friendly, and the rooms are nice and clean. 
556 Wonderful location at the heart if Times Square, the hotel is much cheaper than other options in the same area. Some quality food outlets next door to the hotel, will recommend for Breakfast. Was able to check in straight away upon arrival. 
557 This hotel is wonderful in everyway! The position, the staff, the rooms, the service, the laundry, free net all A++++++++++++++++ If i could i would live there and never come home!!!! 
558 I believe it is an old building, its really good located, it is some blocks from the rivers and 6 blocks from the harbor, shops and nice restaurants around, if you want party there are blues bars few blocks in the windy city. 
559 newly remodeled, great continental breakfast, minutes from Times Square. I would definitely recommend this hotel and I would stay there again. Paid under $200/night - great deal for the location 
560 Four Seasons is outstanding world-class hotel, luxury amenities, excellent service, personalized approach to any client's needs. Exceeded our expectations. Purchased stay from SOPRIZ.com - great booking and accomodation experience. 
561 5 Star service at a 5star hotel. this place had everything and i will definitley stay here again, price was in line with the other local hotels too. 
562 Spent a week in Chicago for the ISSA show, this was a super hotel. From check in, breakfast, cocktail hour to check out everything was smooth. Shirley working in the breakfast area has a big smile and quick to assist. Will stay here again. 
563 My luggage was lost by the Airline Company and reception staff made anything possible to help me while waiting my luggage! Well done guys, trully appreciate! Hotel is also located near a big shopping mall! 
564 Stayed here for four nights and was very impressed. Our room was really nice, comfortable bed and spotlessly clean bathroom. The kitchen was also very handy and was well equipped with everything you might need. Complimentary newspaper and free cookies sweeten the deal! Would stay here again. 
565 They never had adequate staffing available to service their patrons. Seemed not to care about poor service. 
566 The visit at Paramount Hotel started out with problem with the air condition, which was delt with immediately, the staff at the front desk(Nerma ) was very efficient. The room was clean tidy and comfortable. Tip: the concierge was helpful, they are there to help, Thanks Larry! 
567 Outstanding place to stay ,,, just what I needed in a vacation and around the holidays (new years 2012) everything was with in walking distance, cold but still great in a great location and near outstanding dinners facilities. the view was great room 1209. talking about space everything was perfecto! 
568 I stayed at Yotel the second weekend in November, and loved it. I absolutely loved the design of the room - although it was Manhattan small, it was well-appointed and everything had an out-of-the-way place. A hip, fun, and stylish place to stay close to everything. 
569 from the bell boy to front desk it was a royal treatment all the way. the design of the hotel is outregious very very modern with los of details the bell captain davis is verry nice and cooperates in all details must see 
570 Very comfortable and clean hotel. Had a great stay in a nicely decorated room facing the street. Queen bed. The only thing we didn't like was the high and hard pillows, which made our necks ache. Otherwise it was perfect and we recommend this hotel! 
571 Great location, very helpful front desk staff, wonderful beds, some little things in room could have used maintenance (missing dresser knob, worn corner of drawer) But for the price it was great. Relaxing bar, restaurant on site and coffee/quick food items available in the lobby. Highly recommend for the money. 
572 I LOVE this hotel! We go there every year & the employees are like family. Great Service, Awesome rooms, And The Best Food I Have Tried! This Hotel Makes Me feel At Home. I recomend it to traveling families every where. Best Hotel In New York! 
573 Cool Staff great location amazing hotel will be back next year for sure Gansevoort Rock 
574 Subway just down the street, check out www.trips123.com for walking, subway, transit info. The site tells you what subway to take and total time. Worked great for our trip. Deli and news stands close for all your needs. Starbucks across the road. 
575 We stayed in this hotel in March 2009 and loved it so much we came back. Cannot fault the hotel in any way. Fanstastic location, spacious room, friendly staff. Next time in NY - will return. We traveled with 3 children (11,9 and 9). 
576 Tiny Scandinavian-type room, sort of like sleeping in an Ikea sample room. But spotless, quiet and very comfortable if you don't require lots of space. (We had a room w a queen bed) Staff was very friendly, location convenient, great rooftop bar. 
577 Stayed in a 2 bedroom room with 6 other adults for New Years Eve. Great location for times square. Close to central park. Cafe near by for decent meals. Close to touristy stuff. 
578 the pictures don't do justice the rooms are super small the services is less than frendly and in the event of snow storms and mother nature problems they get you good so check the weather and stay in brooklyn 
579 This was our first trip to New York and was planned at the last minute. The hotel was in a great location and was very modern. The restroom was small, but was very clean. The overall stay was awesome and provided a great first trip to New York. 
580 The room is small but worth the price and location. 
581 No questions - this place is good to stay compared with other places around. 
582 Lovely, original, comfortable hotel with friendly staff. Chose this based on previous Tripadvisor reviews. Enjoyed the free nibbles and drinks available throughout out day and the fruit available at breakfast. Room was small but nicely decorated and clean. Lots of nice little extras in room. Definitely recommend 
583 We really enjoyed our stay in this hotel. The room was a little bit small but the comfort made up for it. The service was impeccable. The concierge was of great service. Great location for the price, times square in easy walking distance. 
584 Lots to do and can walk to many things - shopping, good restaurants all within striking distance. Great rooms 
585 Shocking hotel Rude counter staff Tiny, borderline dirty rooms with even tinier, horruble bathrooms Out of the way location for almost anything in NYC Would never go back -- the reviews on the site below show my experience was not isolated, I only wish I read them before I booked! 
586 The hotel is comfortable, clean, and close to everything (subway stations, plazas, cafeterias, pizzerias, Italian restaurants). The breakfast is good, sensible and well balanced. I recommend this hotel. NYC is fantastic. 
587 Room was in need of renovation. No coffee maker in the room and all nearby coffee places didn't open early. They said they had hot water but then they didn't. Just didn't feel it was worth the price. Was in a good location. 
588 For a budget hotel in great central neighborhood this place was perfect. It was clean, great service, no drama, everything went smoothly 
589 Large bathrooms with lots of counter-space. Quite.Walking distance to East Village, SOHO. LOVED it. And super nice people that run it. 
590 Its location is the only pro - 5 minutes walk from the 5th avenue and 10 from Broadway. The rest was a big disappointment: very tiny room, not particularly clean, bathroom requiring renovation. I would not recommend it to anyone. 
591 Every detail of the guest room is beautiful and spotless. The bed and pillows are above average. Drawbacks Wifi is not free. In room bar is above average price. Bathtub is very small, not reflecting the scale of the room. 
592 I loved Plaza Fifty. We had a great room with a great view right in the heart up downtown. I recommend to everyone. 
593 As NYC hotels go, this is a keeper! I loved the location and proximity to everything! Red Line Metro is right outside and everything you could want is within walking distance. I will definitely return! 
594 Booked this using hotwire and got a good deal. It was an enjoyable few nights and I would highly recommend it from the facilities available in the hotel to its location. It was a short walk to Millenium park and a short walk to the El system. 
595 One of the Best hotel in all New York 
596 Excellent sevice , clean , sucurity, marvelus location , the rooms in very comfortable 
597 Single Great Hotel !!! 
598 Hilton Houston Plaza/Medical Center - good service for our college football team & families. 
599 Great location. Clean, stylish room. Staff were extremely helpful and nice. Very safe surroundings. Love all loved it and will go back. 
600 We stayed in one of the suites and the room was amazing. We found the staff really helpful and we thought the location was excellent. We had a great stay and it made our trip to NYC even more enjoyable. 
601 Three women stayed in one room and we never had to fight for the bathroom! Size was great. Location was fabulous. Try Sam's Place for dinner - very good and reasonably priced. Definately stay again! 
602 This was our second visit to the Wellington Hotel. Although basic, it is clean and ideal for your stay in New York. It is less than 5 minutes away from both Central Park or Times square. The staff are very helpful and friendly. Would definately go back. 
603 nice location, room clean (small but confortable). The breakfast is terrible. Good for single and couple 
604 Location were perfect close to shopping ang times square. But rooms were not very clean 
605 Good value basic motel, clean and quiet, comfortable beds. Nice toiletries, helpful staff and good breakfast. All you need for a 1 night stay. Would stay again. 
606 nice view and great location but the roof top and lounge bar was closed because of a private events! So we paid a really expansive price just for the room. We were really desapointed! 
607 This is a hotel well suited for business travel. Very close to the galleria and businesses on the west side of Houston. 
608 The double tree is right on Times Square, aside from the phenomenal location, the hotel has pretty large and comfortable rooms (hard to find in NYC) and offers a great service for a reasonable price (for the season) 
609 Very good hotel, nice staff, GREAT LOCATION. Rooms are comfortable and well decorated. The location is really good, close to subway station, you can easily walk to Times Square. I highly recommend! 
610 Absolutely perfect place to maximize our quick overnight to NYC! We parked our car on arrival and didn't see it again til we left! - and all right in Times Square! 
611 Nice hotel, big rooms, great location, good ( if a bit expensive) drinks in the bar, helpful staff 
612 We stayed here for four nights in June. There was several bad ratings, so I was a little skeptical. The hotel was clean, staff friendly, location was perfect. The breakfast was amazing, no continental breakfast, chef made omelets with all the fixings. Would recommend and stay here again. 
613 Nice hotel just off Michigan Avenue. You're just steps away from great shopping. The hotel is well-maintained and quiet. Some of the amenities could be upgraded - TV, coffee makers, etc, but it was nothing that detracted from a good stay. 
614 Hotel construction started at 8am on a Saturday morning on the floor above ours. Sawing, drilling, and loud radios were not appreciated. Hotel management did not appear to remind workers that there were actual guests present in the hotel. Otherwise, would have been a good stay. 
615 Loved our time at the Affinia Dumont!! Great staff who was able to honor our requests, spacious room with a fabulous view and excellent location. Will definitely recommend and stay there again on future visits! 
616 We stayed here in October for 5 nights and loved it, the breakfast for $3 was unbeatable. Housekeeping was spot on, great value for money. 
617 My room had bedbugs. The sheer number of bedbugs makes me think that this is a problem that the hotel is willfully ignoring. When I asked for a refund, I was told that a refund was not possible. That's probably all that needs to be said. 
618 Stayed here last feb. Great location, a couple of minutes and you are in Times Square! Breakfast is great. Rooms are small but clean and warm! No complaints - a great hotel for the price! 
619 view is really amazing! a drink will cost you as much as a ticket in rockfeller center or empire st building elevator. if you are not staying in the hotel, don't forget to try the restrooms, an experience of thei own 
620 Nice, clean rooms and very close to downtown and to the very cool Randolphe St. Checking in, checking out, storing bags, retrieving bags were all extremely slow and disorganized. I would stay again, though, and take my chances. 
621 We spent a wonderful weekend in New York at Le Parker Meridien. It was convenient to shopping, Central Park, fabulous bars and restaurants and a short cab ride to the theater. The staff was extremely courteous and attentive. 
622 I stayed here for a week on business. The room was fine, and the location of the hotel was great. Make sure your room doesn't face 51st street. The police station was across from my room, and the noise woke me repeatedly. Otherwise my stay would have been very nice. 
623 The hotel was clean, quite, and compfortable with good service. It might not be the trendiest hotel you'll ever see, but it's very cool. I would recomend it for weekday business stay or a fun weekend. 
624 We would definitely stay here again. Rooms were spacious, clean, and comfortable and the staff was friendly and helpful. Can't beat the location: close to the subway and Central Park. Upper West Side neighborhood is nice, quiet, and has a plethora of great neighborhood restaurants! 
625 Great location!!! Lovely, quiet neighborhood. The room was very clean and big enough for us. Nice lobby with delicious coffee!!!! But....only MORNING COFFEE!!! I wish I could have a cup of that coffee afternoon without going out. Friendly, helpful staff, especially Krys!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
626 We had a perfect weekend at The Muse! Perfect access for our Broadway show plans and handicapped accessible Times Square subway. Very clean and comfortable room with great beds. Walking distance to everything. Love the Kimpton Hotels! 
627 We stayed here in September 2009 and really enjoyed the hotel. A gorgeous marble lobby greets you, and the staff are really friendly and efficient. The room was gorgous, very opulent and lovely bed. A great sized room for NYC to - bigger than a lot of UK hotels! 
628 The public areas with the bars etc are great, but the rooms are ridiculously small and do not even have a minibar, i.e. not chilled drinks in the room. Bathrooms are the smallest I have ever seen. Good design. 
629 For business in midtown this hotel does the trick. Many good restaurants in walking distance. Your close to both UES and financial district. Staff is helpful and friendly. On occasion dignitaries from UN in residence and large security details. c 
630 Been here 3 times now and I love it. Staff is great, food is delicious and its in a perfect location. I can walk two blocks to the courthouse for work and there are plenty of restaurants close by to eat. Alden, keep up the good work. 
631 I did complain to La Quinta HQ in regards to the poor service that I experienced in Oct 2004 upon check out. Good follow up from HQ customer relations. I hope that the service level is heading in the right direction. 
632 The building is beautiful and the hotel offers large bedrooms... Service is great and top of it all the hotel offers a busy bar/restaurant.This is the perfect hotel if you do not like the big chains without personality yet want a high service level.. 
633 Hotel stupendo, in posizione perfetta a due passi da central park, dai negozi della 5th av, dai teatri e dai ristoranti. Metropolitana vicinissima. Stanza spaziosa, letto comodissimo, personale cortese e disponibile. Lontano dal rumore, ma zona sicura. Da non perdere!!! 
634 We decided to choose this hotel because of the location but as all hotels are compact in NYC this is no different. We wouldn't stay here again on the basis that the value does not equate to the cost you pay. 
635 un hotel a 5 stelle centralissimo ,pulito,camere e letti comodi ero al 46 piano veduta stupenda in una stanza con due letti matrimoniali bagno ampio e pulitissimo un peccato che il wi-fi si deve pagare 
636 Ground zero construction is due to go on for a little while yet and this hotel overlooks it. The location is awesome for transport links with subway on your doorstep but if you're a light sleeper, this hotel is not for you. 
637 Great New York hotel experience! Service is way beyond good. Friendly staff goes out of their way to make you feel welcome and it home. Yes it's pricy but if you want the best this is a place to be. Concierge was especially helpful in making dining plans. 
638 If you choose the renovated rooms you'll have clean and functional place to sleep at an affordable price. It is located near a convenient subway station and not far from 5th avenue. 
639 Great location on silent 56th, very large room with 2 double beds: suitable for 2 parents and 2 teenagers. Con: breakfastroom beeing under construction we were given 5$ vouchers for the midtown restaurant, about just enough for a coffee and muffin, but defenitily not for breakfast. 
640 Great clean, quiet room. Loved hot breakfast, free phone and internet. Pet friendly. 
641 Very nice place, excellent staff, the rooms are perfect. Breakfast is great. Definitely a worthwhile place to stay. 
642 Ignore all the bad reviews about this hotel - had a great time there. Staff were friendly and it was right beside the L station. 
643 Location was excellent. Staff was good. Room was very spacious for that location. Room was clean and the view was great. 
644 Booked through hotwire as all Manhattan hotels were coming in VERY expensive. Got this room for about $250 which is amazing value. I was given a huge suite. The hotel is very nice, modern and has a boutique feel. Beds super comfy. 
645 pulizia scarsa...ma OTTIMA posizione e prezzo! io ci tornerei! 
646 We had such a wonderful stay at the Westin. While having a drink in bar 10, Meghan came up to us, asked us how everything was and was very accommodating. She even sent an amenity to our room. 
647 New York the city that never sleep. Het is echt een super stad om te verblijven. Ground Zero een helicopter vlucht over New York, Empire State Building of andere bezienswaardigheden je komt tijd tekort.... 
648 My Husband and I stayed at the Jewel for five days in September. I couldn't fault this hotel on location, cleanliness and service. However our room was at the back of the hotel and overlooked some offices. I had hoped for a nice view. Also no restaurant or bar. 
649 Big suite with kitchen and lot of space. Close to Central station. We had nice room on the ground floor - in this case wifi from lobby for free. But could be noisy in the morning. If you need add. bed for kids - very good choise. 
650 Room was OK except the A/C unit. It was old unit and loud. Front desk agents were not service oriented, typical NYC hotel standard? We did not like the surroundings of the hotel - dirty. We probably will not go back. 
651 Its kind of old, needs a bit of refurnishing. Old bathrooms, small and old towels. We spent one day there with no hot water, winter time! Reception, oh god!, rude, rude... Put a smile on their faces, please! Breakfast is a joke, right?! 
652 Comfortable room. Ok breakfast. Close enough to times square but without the hazzle. Stayed over the weekend. Room was on the 31st floor but could still hear very load music from a local establishment. Other wise happy with choice. 
653 This hotel is in a great location, right in the heart of Times Square and the theatre district! The rooms were very nice and spacious. The rooms were very clean. The hotel staff was also excellent. I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to NYC. 
654 Had a one bed, 175 sq ft room. Great view from small window, comfortable bed/sofa, excellent location and price if you want to be near times square. One drawback is the location of the toilet in the studio without any door for privacy, only a curtain. Would stay again. 
655 Enjoyed our stay here. The lobby is so beautiful & very trendy. Location is amazing, couple of steps from 5th Av, short walk to Central Park/ Rockafeller. Rooms are small but that's New York! V tastefully decorated, would stay here again. 
656 I highly recommend this hotel and Chicago in general to everyone. The service, the people, the food, the clean streets are all worth 5 stars!! 
657 Recomiendo este hotel porque esta muy bien ubicado y es muy comodo. Especialmente recomiendo a la recepcionista Ellen, que fue de gran ayuda y estuvo muy atenta. Ella hizo que nuestra estadia fuera de lo mejor. 
658 Tiny rooms, tiny beds, tiny bathroom, tiny sink, tiny elevators. Clean, good value, not great for families, rude staff but we didn't have to deal with them too much 
659 King suite was large, clean and very comfortable.Excellent for a family. Bathroom was small. Location was excellent. Staff helpful but conierge was incorrect on several answers. The breakfast was of mediocre quality. We definitely would stay there again. 
660 ottimo rapporto qualita' prezzo, posizione fantastica a meno di cinque minuti da times square e dalla stazione della metropolitana. rinnovato di recente, belle camere molto pulite, personale cortese e disponibile.....non ho dubbi a raccomandare questo hotel, ci ritornero' sicuramente la prossima volta che visitero' new york! 
661 This boutique hotel is a secret gem. I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone that would love to stay in a highly appointed hotel. The rooms are oversized to say the least with private living room wet bar and private balcony. 
662 Great location. Quaint small rooms. Nothing fancy. Clean linen, no bed bugs. Great little pizza joint right next door. 
663 Great location, clean, friendly staff & windows open and quiet for New York standards. Have stayed several times. 
664 This hotel is the best one I stayed at in the city so far. The next time I travel to New York City this is the hotel I will be staying in. Recommend to all. 
665 The rooms are very clean, Great service and you can't beat the price. My stay here has been excellent and the location is great with lots of resturants, bars, and shopping near by. Nice Hotel 
666 Stayed three nights-------perfect location, public spaces were beautiful. I wish the price had been a little lower, but it is high season in NYC right now. We went to the bar for a cocktail. Service was a little slow. 
667 c'est malpropre, il y a des coulisses sur les murs et des moisissures dans la salle de bain. La douche ne fonctionne pas. 
668 Lovely room, lovely views, very friendly and helpful staff. Brilliant location. The spa is nice too! :) 
669 Took my daughter here for her 16th birthday. As soon as we were out of the car, the staff couldnt do enough for us....We loved DANIEL.xx 
670 The hotel is a renovated building and it is beautiful. During our visit, the staff was wonderful from the moment we arrived until we left. 
671 we spent 3 nights in this hotel for december 31st! we were pretty satisfied about this hotel! 
672 Last minute booking at this hotel in April 2012. Excellent all around. Great staff, great service, perfect locatiom 
673 Recently stayed three nights on business and couldn't believe they have no restaurant or bar (closed for rennovation) They have drink service in the hallway lounge on the second floor for a few hours in the afternoon. This is not a good situation for unwinding after a hard day. 
674 A great price, close to the metro, friendly staff, and air conditioning in the summer. 
675 This hotel has raised the bar in Customer Service. Staff do not see any problem in making things right. Sooo welcoming and friendly. Enjoyed the library and cafe on the main floor. Everything so sparkly clean. A place we didn't want to leave and will definitely return to. John 
676 Great location, but view of Times Square not worth the price. One can see much better from down at the street level what the hoopla is all about. Location can not be beaten. Everything within walking distance, Metro right around the corner. All what is happening is right there. 
677 I didn't know this hotel despite being a frequent NYC visitor. Rooms were very nice. Pool on top floor was awesome. Staff very helpful when I needed to see a doctor. Came to check on me soon after the request. 
678 wij waren voor de 5 x maal in het hotel, prijs kwaliteit is zeer goed, de ligging is centraal, als wij terug naar new york ,zal het zeker den "belvedere" zijn, wij hebben dit hotel reeds aan velen aanbevolen; 
679 location very good, room large, morning coffee and the NY times perfect. Staff very freindly and helpful. Clean and nice quality beds and linens. Just some new TV's would be perfect 
680 I stayed at Le Parker Meridien for three nights enjoyed it very much. I have been visiting once per year for the past ten years and I look forward to spending my time there each year. 
681 The Shoreham offers a great location, very nice service and clean, comfortable rooms. We'd love to come back 
682 A great little hotel, the rooms were small but perfect for a stay in New York - close to everything, clean, modern, what more could you want! The bathroom was verrrry small but overall would recommend. 
683 Struttura vecchia, camere con arredamento vecchio e rovinato, piatto doccia nero per lo sporco, nessuna indicazione al check in sugli orari della colazione, ecc.. Due uniche note positive: la vicinanza con il centro congressi ed il prezzo. 
684 Can't go wrong with this place if you want good food, good drinks, good views and cool people... 
685 The location is wonderful, and the room is good enough. The hotel is reasonably well taken care of, though not impeccable. The staff is very professional, though not especially warm. I found the hotel a little overpriced, but the location may account for that. 
686 It's a basic hotel with great shower, bed, internet connection and tv. Nothing but that. if you are looking for a safe confortable and quite place, here is the place. Looking for something else, try to find somewhere else. 
687 This was our first trip to NYC and we had an excellent stay in the Affinia Manhattan. Amazing location right near Penn Station, Madison Square Garden and the Empire State. Room was really clean and comfortable and the new decor looked fab. Would definately stay there again :) 
688 Got here from the UK and was told the room I had pre-booked was no longer available. They sent me to another hotel, 12 blocks north and gave me $7 for a cab fare which cost me $9. Not impressed at all. 
689 I was so very happy here in NYC. It was my first visit to the Big Apple, and this hotel was wonderful. Close to subway, friendly-staff, and comfortable rooms. Thanks so much! 
690 My husband and I stayed here this past weekend and absolutely loved it. Our room was recently renovated and was very spacious. The service was great and the location was perfect. We didn't eat at the hotel so can't comment on it's food. We would definately stay here again! 
691 Stayed on a Friday night while in town for business.Polite attentive staff, fast check in. Beds are insanely comfortable! Convenient to the site I was visiting. I would absolutely stay again!!! 
692 Good points - Room was clean on arrival and cleaned everyday Location was great. Unfortunately the good points run out there. The rooms were very small, staff rude, no breakfast supplied (restaurant was closed down), no capuccino bar, no hot water etc etc. Would not stay there again. 
693 I was in Houston on a business trip and barely got to spend any time in the hotel, but all my needs were met, the room was comfortable, and all the staff were helpful. 
694 Check-in and check-out were extremely expedient; easy access to Koreatown and Herald Square; hard to beat low triple-digit rates, especially in Midtown Manhattan; not much of a lobby or bar; rooms are small; slim and tall building with a narrow entrance; views are poor on the lower floors. 
695 5 blocks from the natural history museum and central park, one block from Grom gelato enough said! Two kids on solo vacation with Mom. Construction didn't bother us because we were gone from 9-5 and then again in the evening each day. 
696 Stayed one night for the location, staff not over all friendly, no view. Room clean bed softer than I prefer. TV responder slow to remote. Would be great for families with small chlidren. 
697 All the good stuff other people wrote is true, but we have to add one remark. The "double" bed was way to small for two (normal sized) women. We were surprised that nobody wrote about that! 
698 Unfortunately the room smelled like sewage. Very disappointing. 
699 Ideal hotel for a short stay in new York. We had a very comfortable stay. Location is great, about 20 steps from the lights of time square. Staff are spot on. Room was perfectly clean. Included breakfast was simple but tasty. 
700 un hotel situato difronte al central park con una servizio ottimo e una camera molto accogliente, la vista sulla citta dalla camera era affascinante, gli accessori per il bagno eccellenti, da consigliare vivamente 
701 Great location for broadway shows. Very clean and modern! 
702 We went to see Bruce Springsteen at MSG--was a great location--rooms reminded me of Europe--small but very functional--it was the elevators that drove me crazy--there were only 2 & it went to I think 26 floors--unbelieveably slow slow slow--so bad in fact that I would choose somewhere else next time. 
703 This is not even comparable to YHA. Far from it! Can't close the windows at night. Spider web in every corner of the room. Flooded bathroom and toilets. If you want to ruin your holiday, this will definitely fulfill it. 
704 Whenever I'm in Chicago I try the Hilton Garden Inn first. Best Location for the "L", the supermarket, and Portillo's! Rooms are spacious and staff is great! 
705 Stayed in the hotel this passed weekend. The room was great, very clean, and with a great space. Employee are great, and the breakfast was good. Also the shuttle was on time in the morning and in the afternoon. The location is very convenient to the airport. 
706 Great place to stay. The rooms are super clean and good-sized. Breakfast is a wholesome affair. Nice to be able to talk to other visitors over bagels, orange-juice and coffee. Very quiet and very welcoming. Loved it and would definately come back. Can't wait to... 
707 I had a quick trip to NYC and got a nice room for a GREAT price. I was really pleased with the staff and my bed was comfy. It's a small room, but all I needed for a short stay. Thanks 
708 My hotel stay was a total fiasco and all I will say is that I will NEVER stay at this hotel again. I have been a Marriott Rewards member for many years and this was one of the worst stays that I have ever had. 
709 Place to be when the City is your target. In the middle of the action with its pro and cons. Their restaurant is a bit of a hide away cellar experience, but service and food are OK. Staff very helpful, overal rather average. 
710 Great service, very friendly and helpful. They found out we were there to celebrate my daughters graduation and upgraded our room. The doorman went out of his way each night to get us a taxi. Huge rooms! Wonderful wine and nibbles and other fun socials. 
711 This is a great Hilton property right in the middle of Times Square. My wife stayed here overnight with some friends after going to see a play. She loved the hotel and the choclate chip cookies. 
712 This was a great place to stay. The location was great. The staff was very helpful with directions and recommendations. I have been to New York before but this was by far the best place I stayed. I would strongly recommend it to anyone. The buffet breakfast was great also. 
713 We intended to make a reservation for a suite for a special anniversary and found the response cold and off-putting. Our experiences at Mandarin Orientals elsewhere has been consistently positive, particular in regards to warm and helpful service. We booked elsewhere. 
714 The hotel has a prime location, especially for theater goers, and the staff was excellent. The concierge was knowledgeable and helped us plan our stay. The adjoining restaurant is good, too. The rooms are fine; nothing special, but unlike the big Hiltons, wi-fi is free. 
715 Great location just off Broadway with an underground station one block away. Functional place but really tiny rooms, with even tinier bathrooms and a closet good for a couple of shirts. Expect no views of amenities, but it suffices as a place to sleep. 
716 We had an accessible room. It was perfect. It had a roll in shower. The staff was great! Such a convenient location. I would highly recommend it especially for someone in a wheelchair. They have a lift to get you and the wheelchair from the street to the lobby 
717 Thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Affinia. Beautiful, clean rooms, excellent service and beautifully maintained hotel. I recommend the Affinia to anyone visiting New York and who want to make the most of their trip Enjoy! 
718 The Hotel has a very good cost/ benefit ratio and is extremely well located, walking distance from many vary interesting sites, close to the subway as well you can go anywhere on the Island. They could just work on some maintenance and improving service that can always get better. 
719 Stayed here mid-May 2006 on business. My room was nice and large, on the upper floors. Comfortable beds. Quick friendly service, great location across from the lake. I would definitely stay here again. 
720 abbiamo soggiornato per una settimana in questo hotel con nostra figlia. La camera era essenziale ma pulita. ottima la posizione a pochi passi da central park e dalla 5th Ave. Discutibile in una location del genere in zona centrale i collegamenti internet a pagamento. 
721 The hotel is clearn. TV has more than 200 channel. Breakfast is good. I like the happy hour in the afternoon. 
722 The Crowne Plaza is not a new hotel but the staff are second to none. In particular Andrew in the bar - Remington's - is one of the most professional and accommodating barman I have had the pleasure to meet. Hard working attentive and amusing. 
723 This is an excellent hotel located in a great spot in the city. It is within an easy walk of Theatre district, Central Park and Times Square. 
724 Clean room, roomy for NYNY. Beds and bathrooms were fine. Service was excellent. Always a doorman to get taxi, floor attendant always present at all hours. Very pricey. Nice restaurant and bar area. Good location across from Central Park. 
725 Great location. Corner of 8th and 43rd. Bar 10 is a nice spot. Ask for corner room on a higher floor is possible. 
726 Nice, clean rooms, comfortable beds, good service, and a good location at a fair price (for NYC). 
727 molto elegante, panoramico, servizio ottimo, ottimo prezzo 
728 This is a wonderful hotel! Everyone there is extremely friendly and kind. 
729 This is the smallest room of my life. No kidding. Thank goodness I have a toilet. Not all rooms do. More like a prison. Cell. 
730 Great location !!!! seconds away from macys, Madison and easy access to subways. Will stay here again. 
731 Excellent location. Close to some attractions and public transport to others. Fantastic views from terraces on the 20th floor. Spacious rooms with all facilities. Good restaurant on site (limited menu however). Very helpful staff. 
732 The hotel was clean, beautiful, quiet, roomy, comfortable, and professionally managed. The price, amenities, quality and level of service were all exactly as advertised. 
733 this hotel was super busy!!!!! good for them they deserve it... the staff amazing!!! the valet superb!!!! and the room magnificent. location to everything to die for!! 
734 We stayed here after Hurricane Sandy and the N'easter. Was great b/c we could walk everywhere. Staff, rooms were great. Never had to get a taxi or subway. Felt safe too. The neighborhood is nice. Close to shopping too. 
735 Stayed at HGI during recent trip to NYC. Just a block away from Times Square so close enough to walk to everything yet not too close to be disturbed at night. Staff was very friendly and the concierge was the most helpful gentleman I have ever seen!! 
736 My friend who was visiting Chicago invited me to stay there. I made the right decision to accept the invitation, as the hotel was impeccable. 
737 Stayed here from 3rd - 7th December. Room small but clean, noisy central heating pipes but cosy inside from the snow so we didn't mind the noise. Perfect location and friendly staff. Would definitely stay their again 
738 Muito bom, atendeu nossas expectativas! Equipe super cordial, localizacao nota 8, quartos bem decorados e vista bem legal! 
739 Perfect location Good size and clean room Morning staff is incredible. The door man had tons of great tips. Evening staff is typical NY friendly. Will return. 
740 One of the best rooftops in NYC...and a great scene too! Love the pool during the summer. Definitely one of the hippest hotels in NYC. 
741 Stayed here on a quick business trip. The room is clean, the bed pretty comfortable. The shower was dreadful and a bit leaky. Not a big deal. Bottom line: if you get a good rate, consider this property. 
742 This was a great hotel to stay at in downtown Chicago. The manager's reception in the evening (free drinks and appetizers) was great as well as the amazing complimentary hot breakfast (made to order omelets!). 
743 Posizione ottima, vucinissimo a central station, dotato di ogni cinfort, camere nuove e moderne, spaziose 
744 Angolo bar, pulizia ottima, personale gentile. Ricambuo della biancheria una volta al giorno. 
745 Wanted a beautiful room and view, got a highly reasonable one. Bed was above average and cleanliness didnt disappoint Staff was amazing however, and I never had a question that didn't have an answer in a timely manner. Best pizza? Lou Manettis. :-) 
746 Rooms dirty..holes in bed linen an curtains...water spots on the wall..mildew all over..electrical wires spliced together..rude management 
747 The location of the hotel is amazing right in time square. The standard rooms are pretty much just a bed. The bathrooms could also be a little cleaner. 
748 Went for a girls weekend. Very nice hotel. Large rooms. We had livingroom, bedroom & loved the kitchen area. Bathrooms are small but well styled. Front desk staff very nice. Beds are dreamy! Great diner next store. Would stay again. 
749 Great location, overall great value, especially in a place like New York. Will stay again. 
750 My boyfriend and I enjoyed our stay at the Tremont. It was our first time to Chicago and we would definitely stay there again. It is only a block away from Michigan Ave. and very convenient. The hotel staff was also friendly and helpful to us as tourists. 
751 In pieno centro, un hotel molto fine ed elegante, spazioso, camere molto pulite, personale gentile e disponibile. Se dovessi tornare a NY ho la sicurezza con il Roosevelt di alloggiare in un posto ottimo sotto tutti gli aspetti. 
752 Comfortable hotel just a few blocks away from Grand Central Station. Rooms are spacious, service is friendly and price is moderate for Manhattan. Overall, a good value; we'd stay here again. 
753 DoubleTree lieg so wie man sich Ny vorstellt und ist ok. Ein Problem war dass wir 3 Personen bestellt hatten (2 Erwachsene und ein 17 Jahre Sohn) und dann mussten wir im kingbed zu dritt schlafen was nicht geplant war (Hotel war ausgebucht) 
754 Not a new hotel but clean and well maintained. Located in the same parking lot with Reliant Stadium. Free parking. Security and bell hop available. Friendly front desk staff. Large lobby. Free Wi-Fi available. Fiesta grocery store, Big Lots and other stores and restaurants located on Kirby. 
755 Located nicely in midtown with easy access to the subway. Lots of selection for eating and shopping nearby. Some construction in lobby but this was minimally inconvenient. Room was clean and well proportioned, staff was friendly and helpful, even for NYC. 
756 Very clean, friendly staff, close to airport, free airport shuttle & shuttle to dinner, great breakfast! Would definitely stay there again! 
757 Centrally located hotel, awesome staff. Rooms were spacious and clean. Would stay here again. 
758 Bed bugs and poor management, lack of ownership which ruined my vacation. Thanks 
759 The price was cheap and the train was close, the park is close, the breakfast was bad. If you are staying because the have free breakfast, don't stay. But over all everything else was fine. 
760 Reasonably priced motel close to the subway. Just 1 express stop on the subway from times square and 15 minute ride to statue of liberty. Rooms have a kitchen if you are trying to save some money and want to cook for yourself. 
761 Water in bathroom sink did not work well.... shower was a bit hot then cold....but everything else excellent. I would stay there again and would highly recommend. Great deals on Hotel connections.com 
762 the people working at the hotel were very helpful and very polite...I have a group of 5 ladies that go to New York twice a year and we will stay at this hotel each time.. walking distance to every thing...very safe 
763 Room was spacious and clean. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. Beds were hard, but overall nice and updated room. 
764 Have stayed there several times and while the prices and especially the parking keeps going up the experience seems more and more ordinary. No internet and the elevator situation is in need of attention. The Hyatt almost next door offers better value for the bargain hunter. 
765 Had an amazing time, hotel was lovely, suite was clean, good facilities and stunny views! Staff were helpful and polite! Would definately stay there again!! 
766 This was my first stay at the Hilton Garden on 35th - stayed on a referral. I will never stay anywhere else in NYC as long as there are rooms available. Service was outstanding. 
767 The size of the room was Ok. It was clean, very well located and the personal was friendship. If I return to NY with a low budget I'm sure I will choose the Deuville again. 
768 Hotel does lots of large tour groups. Good location in NYC. Hotel and room was clean. Beds, carpet, furniture fairly new. Bathrooms still needed updating. We got a suite, which was two small rooms combined into one - extra space was good. Otherwise rooms would be very NY small. 
769 Relsitief klein hotel, betaalbaar maar met prima uitgeruste kamers en goede service. Goed gelegen op 31e straat, dicht bij Empire state Building, op loopafstand van Broadway, Central Park en 5th avenue. Metrostation in de buurt maar minder geschikt voor laat reizen vanwege lage frequentie. 
770 This hotel and the staff were delightful!!!! The accomadations were beautiful and very comfortable. We would highly recommend this hotel when in N.Y.C. We live in Switzerland and know terrific hotels when we see them!!!! Thisis a find! The Dykowski's 
771 Rooms were small and very dark, just one small window. Sort of old and worn looking. While the did offer high-speed internet, you had to sit on the bed to use it. 
772 la ubicacion es exelente , el servicio del staff del hotel muy buena los cuartos muy bien hambientados 
773 Best hotel I've stayed in in New York. Much better style than most and great set of bars to enjoy some drinks after a hard days work. 
774 Simple and clean hotel to a good price. There are Wifi availble. It is close to a Metro station (110th W). Don't go to the East into Central Park on the 107th and the streets above. No bathroom in the hotel room but the shared bathrooms are clean. 
775 Fantastic location, great service, very nice room. We really enjoyed our stay at the Belvedere. 1 1/2 blocks from Time Sq and Broadway. 2 blocks from 30 Rock, 20 minute walk to Central Park. You can't beat the value. We will stay at here everytime we visit the city. 
776 Stayed here on a recent one night stay in NYC, great location not far from the flatiron area, rooms were very clean and well sized for NYC. Would stay here again. 
777 Sehr Zentral. Kleine Betten. Sehr "verwohnt". Es was zu Staubig 
778 A girlfriend and I stayed here for two nights. We had a great time! Plenty of bars, restaurants and shopping all within walking distance. The staff was nice and the room was excellent. We will Definitely come back. 
779 we found the Eventi Hotel in NYC to be excellent, very well maintained, great service, and very friendly staff, convenient location, great food in the hotel restaurant, and best of all the aircon is quiet... would certainly stay there again! 
780 Don't be fooled. I waited 3 days for hotel to fix wireless and it was never fixed. I Closet doors are falling. Fridge in Studio has rust all on the outside No parking after 10 Pm Rude staff and noisy rooms. 
781 I love the fact that it was close to everything, but the room especially the bathroom could have been a little cleaner. When you step in to the shower you could smell that it was not very clean.I may stay there again,but will check the room 
782 Excellent hotel, great service. Especial thanks to John, the maneger. 
783 Me hospede una semana, en agosto. El hotel esta bien ubicado, podes ir caminando a todas partes. La habitacion esta muy bien, lo que le faltaria seria frigobar. Las recepcionistas muy amables. la verdad que disfrutamos mucho nuestra estadia. 
784 We stayed at the Swissotel with a group of girls for the weekend. It's location allows you to easily walk to Michigan ave. shops and restaurants. The hotel itself was great. Rooms were big as were the bathrooms. The staff couldn't be more helpful. 
785 excelente hotel, recomendado al 100%, buena ubicacion, el servicio excelente, habitaciones con muy buena vista y todo el personal super atento, definitivamente regresaria 
786 Staff is first rate; rooms are well maintained and the property is in a great location. 
787 Stayed here three nights. Breakfast was good but very busy. Staff very friendly and helpful. Can't complain about anything except the price of staying in Manhattan! 
788 Valt niet veel over te zeggen alleen maar positieve dingen, alles heel netjes , elke dag bed netjes opgemaakt en nieuwe handoeken. Locatie midden in chinatown , via station grand st alles heel snel te bereiken. 
789 Safe and convienent mid-town location. Good restaurants, shopping, and the park all in easy walking distance. Rooms clean, staff helpful 
790 In town for Nebraska game and hotel located just a few blocks from red line subway transportation and close to tons of restaurants and bars. Free parking, courteous staff. Parked car and never used it rest of weekend. Walked and used red line for everything. 
791 This is an excellent hotel. Very clean, excellent room, excellent staff, excellent breakfast, perfect location. 
792 Great location , that's about it. Long line for check in and out , dark rooms , comfortable beds , great TV system, breakfast area to crowded and busy 
793 Bathrooms total disaster , like a very small closet , no place to put your stuff 
794 Not worth the $$. 
795 We stayed at the Belvedere for 4 nights in November and thought it was wonderful. It was clean, the staff were friendly and helpful and the location was superb. I would not hesitate to stay there again. It was wonderful. 
796 The hotel is a great location and close to everything in Manhattan. The lobby was nice, and we expected our room to live up the standard. There were two flies welcoming us when we first entered our room. The towels were dusted. 
797 einfaches Hotel in guter Lage ! 
798 We stayed there in March 2005 - mother and daughter weekend - me and my daughter and my friend and her daughter. Rooms were excellent and the kitchen area was great - super bathroom. Location excellent and staff were extremely helpful. Would definitely use this hotel again. 
799 A few years ago I stayed in NY for 3 days during the holidays icluding New Years Eve! I recieved a good rate package! One night we even ate at the hotel, very luxurious!!! My room at the Tudor was small, but a boutique, luxurious room. Very pleasant overall! 
800 I've been upgraded to a Suite on the 26th floor with very nice view. My Bed was just so marvellous... Lobby disappointing as well as housekeeping. Very well located. 
801 this hotel is not in the greatest location for chicago compared to others. Has the usuall W stuff. walls are thin. Got an early morning wake up call i didnt ask for. service was low. restaurant is very average tasting food. rooms are trendy as always with W 
802 I recently stayed here for a business trip and was completely impressed. Recently renovated, clean, very friendly and helpful staff. Looking forward to my stay in July. 
803 Beautiful tower. Small lobby. Enough elevators. Expensive breakfast and minibar. Cozy beds. Nice bath. Not very secure. Yummy breakfast from expensive room service. Rooftop pool with view was awesome! Ordered extra pillows and blankets but never came. 
804 service always great in the past 3x i've stayed, however this time i was on a lower floor and had to request earplugs at 3 am, which were delivered very quickly. free internet is awesome too 
805 Nice hotel, great location and staff.... but - the room was tiny, cheap towels in the bathroom, noisy HVAC unit in the room kept us up all night. I know rooms in NYC are expensive, but for $400 a night was expecting something a lot better. 
806 Das Aster idt ein einfaches Hotel fuer den klassischen staedteurlauber der einen bequemen und zentralen Ort zum schlafen sucht. Mit den Metros a, c, e und dem Bus m10 ist das Hotel perfekt angebunden. 
807 Lobby is beautiful. Music is loud everywhere. Staff helpful. Michael concierge very knowledgable and efficient and sweet. Roof is worth seeing. Elevators are crazy. 
808 The hotel is travelliers delight....located bang on times square....this hotel has good ambience.....at really good rates as per manhattan hotel standards.......connecting to wifi can be a hassle at times.....bt the otherwise the hotel is too gooooood........... 
809 Spent three nights. Clean room with great views in the heart of the action. Elevators are easy to navigate. No complaints about this place. 
810 Stayed at the Algonquin for our annual girls trip to NYC. Stayed 3 nights in a suite and it was great. Beautiful decor, great staff, big room, great comfy beds.... We stayed at Marriott Marquis last year and were hesitant about staying somewhere else but it was AWESOME ! 
811 A perfect base to explore New York. Ideal location just slightly off the main drag. Lovely comfy beds in a good size room. The rooms could do with a lick of paint, but this didn't detract from the amazing time we had 
812 Dans une brownstone Chambres petites - SDB et WC communes propres Peu de bruit Proche d'Union Square Bon service 
813 good about this beautiful hotel. The service is perfect. We were upgraded to a great suite just by asking! The location is ideal for business or pleasure travel. We simply loved it! 
814 Situato in ottima posizione. Poche centinaia di metri dalla 5 strada. Central park e Time Square raggiungibili a piedi. Ottime le stanze. Alla reception risolvono tutti i vostri problemi. 
815 The Ohio House Motel is probably the cheapest place to stay in downtown Chicago. Expect little. Sleep OK. Not a place to work, relax and spend a full working week. A single night, in and out is OK. 
816 Nos venden como habitacion de 4 personas pero realmente son habitaciones dobles, para 2 personas no entiendo como pueden cobrar una habitacion doble al precio de 4. 
817 I stay in the Galleria area in Houston monthly and have tried virtually every hotel in the area. By far, the Doubletree Guest Suites is the best. From the service to the spacious suites---I love this place!. I no longer shop around-I have found the BEST! 
818 fantastisch hotel op een fantastische locatie. Ook het personeel is zeer behulpzaam en doen alles om het je naar de zin te maken. Ook het ontbijt zag er prima uit. The Grill naast het hotel is prima om lekker te kunnen dineren. 
819 Have started to use this as home base when I come to NYC -- there is always a "NYC" cookie waiting for me in my room except for today -- I had a red velvet cupcake! Location is great and do is roof deck!! 
820 Super friendly staff, clean, wonderful breakfast variety, free wi-fi, and an excellent location! We spent 3 days here for a pre-Christmas holiday, and couldn't have asked for anything more for the price. This will be my choice in NYC from now on. 
821 Clean room. The staff is friendly. Overall the hotel is expensive so bring your money. The breakfast buffet is very good. I will come back. I did not try the resturant but I bet it is just as good as the breakfast 
822 My husband and I lucked out by getting this hotel thru a Internet bidding site. I would never pay full price for this hotel but we found the location great, atmosphere and cleanliness excellent and most of the staff was friendly. Would stay again. 
823 Thoroughly enjoyed the Casablanca. Friendly,helpful staff. Clean, well kept. Convenient location. Hope to return soon. 
824 Bello,pulito,centralissimo,ottime le camere e la vista su Central Park,,in quel periodo nell'hotel soggiornava anche john voight! Saluti! 
825 We had just a great time in this hotel. All staff members were very friendly and helpful especially in the breakfast room and in the Saigon restaurant. Would come back and recommend it to my friends. 
826 Nice hotel, good size rooms for NY. Nice lobby, close to everything Good deli on the corner. Thru priceline a good price $125 pn 
827 The room was very clean, nice decor and furniture. Nice white duvet on large king size bed. The tub was great for my sore feet from all the walking we did. The location is great, very central. Over all great stay. 
828 Hotel was new and getting fixed up but once in the room, the stay was excellent. Gym was good from hotel gym standards. The best part was the staff, extremely friendly and helpful. Housekeeping was fantastic. 
829 The hotel is in a great location 5-7 minutes walking from Times Square...restaurants and shopping centers are very close..We had a suite room....very good and spacious for 4 persons, 2king size bed's,tv, a big couch and a nice bathroom. Staff very helpful.Not so expensive, very good for New York city. 
830 Have stayed here a couple of times in the past, only now decided to leave reviews. Stay has always been average, location is very convenient for business in Mid Town. Would recommend it although sometime its a bit over priced. 
831 I was very impressed. The staff is excelent. The location is perfect. I will definitely come back on my next trip to NY. 
832 My husband and I have traveled to some beautiful places in the last year. We were so pleased to find The London a true gem in NYC! Just a perfect location and accommodations, quiet, clean and beautifully appointed rooms. We will be back. 
833 Hospitality abounds. Old World charm. Small rooms--slightly worn. Awesome tub--perfect size for a petite person. Comfortable bed and pillows. Concierge was very helpful with suggestions for dinner and directions. Nice location. 
834 The pool is awesome. It is an inside/outside pool. My kids absolutely loved it. They did not want to leave the pool for anything. 
835 Walking distance to Central Park and shopping. Safe area. I loved the location. Perfectly working wireless. Good quality sleep. Clean room. Comfort. No problems. 
836 Very nice property, good value, clean, free internet, walking distance from Penn station. My room was small, by loved bathroom amenities with rain shower! Will definitely keep as Midtown lodging option. 
837 The room smelled of mildew. The staff was friendly. Next time i visit NYC I will probably look for another hotel. Location was good. 
838 We stayed for three nights in a Deluxe Queen accommodation and enjoyed nice and helpful staff as well as clean (not spotless, but quite OK) rooms. The design is classy and views amazing! Great deal, we would certainly stay there again. 
839 This new hotel was pretty nice with avg size rooms for NYC ,a friendly staff, and midtown sout location. The big knock is that the street side rooms are noisy ( ear plugs are supplied!!) as the builders did not spend the extra money on sound proof windows. 
840 Rooms are nice size. Staff is great. I still can't believe that upscale hotels in NYC don't offer free wifi, that is a miss on their part 
841 A grand Dame ok but Air con needs replacing and staff need an attitude check , especially the ones on the roof top bar!!!! 
842 This hotel has a great location. Service and the rooms were nice as well but you can't beat Michigan Ave. location! 
843 Helpful staff and convenient midtown location. Free breakfast, pleasant and clean rooms. The closets could be bigger though! Loads of Korean restaurants around. 
844 Best place to stay around Hospital. I love it! Kindly people Helpful ! Shuttle worked fine for me. I hope this trip goes as well as before.\ 
845 Pleasant check in. Wifi not free. Room and bathroom enormous by nyc standrds. Clean, secure, a few minutes brisk walk rom times square. Cannot comment on food service, few breakfast places in neighbourhood. 
846 Excellent room, great location, comprehensive service in every aspect. 
847 Execllent location with normal sized rooms. Very clean. I wish they would install vents in the bathroom as the room always was very humid from shower. Be prepared, great locations with clean, normal size rooms in NY attract a high premium. But this hotel is worth it. 
848 I was welcomed warmly at the front desk by Joe? I forgot his name- tall Chinese guy. The rooms are veryclean, comfortable and new, well appointed. The location is convenient and the price is excellent. 
849 Great Location. Good service & available staff (although staff at reception can be harsh/snobby). Great amenities (gym, restaurant, lounge, wireless internet, free coffee at lobby level in the morning). Good decor. Clean. Comfortable. Small but practical rooms (European concept) because this is a historical building that has been modernized. 
850 We were very pleased with the holiday inn midway. The hotel is new or newly remodeled. Clean. Modern. Friendly staff. No complaints. 
851 My husband and my 9 and 11 year old children stayed here for a week to celebrate my birthday. WOW! Great views, comfy beds, nice kitchen, and reasonable price. I would HIGHLY recommend!!! 
852 This upscale hotel is a gem. A stay here gives you faith that there still are hotels that are clean, classy, and guest oriented. The bathrooms are spacious and spotless, with 
853 The room art was a little weird. "is that painting a bird? an elephant in a salad?" but otherwise a great hotel with great memories for more reason than just the room. 
854 Top location , top staff , top hotel ,only minor gripe was water not very hot for shower about 18.45, but guess everyone is showering to go out then !!!!,,,::)))))) 
855 We stay here now every visit. It's a bit of a walk to everywhere, but super close to then Hudson River trail for running. Easy access to Broadway. Nice large rooms. Quiet. Clean. Super nice staff. A bit of an escape from New York, actually. 
856 i arrived at the hotel and was greeted from the moment i got to the door. all of the staff was friendly and welcoming. the rooms were spacious and very clean. from start to finish it was a fantastic experience. 
857 I can't say enough positive things about my stay at the Hyatt 48 Lex. All the staff I encountered were friendly, cheerful, and very quick to help. The amenities were comfortable and plush. I will definitely be back! 
858 Great place to stay for business or pleasure. Service is great! Large and spacious rooms which are a rarity in NYC. Great location and a must stay on your next visit. 
859 We booked a superior King room for 6 nights that was very small with no drawers, no storage space. Tiny bathroom. Okay king bed. Awful rubber pillows. Great view of Hudson River. We left after one night. 
860 Las habitaciones son amplias, la mayoria con sofa cama, y con una vista increible. Super bien ubicado. En la puerta hay una estacion de metro y al costado un mini market donde se puede encontrar de todo. El servicio del hotel fue exelente. 
861 The room was beautiful! A/C wasn't working properly when we first checked in but they had someone up to take a look and everything was taken care of within an hour. Concierge was great! Wonderful Location! 
862 My family and I stayed at this hotel for two nights and definitely was an incredible experience. The service were excellent and the staff very helpul and friendly, especially with my three kids. The room was so nice, extremely cleaned and comfortable. We loved it!!! 
863 Our stay at Crowne Plaza was an absolute delight .Our suite was spacious and nicely done and the staff was very warm and friendly. Not to forget the sumptuous breakfast, which was a real wake up call for the tastebuds :D :D I totally loved my stay here !! 
864 The location was ideal for my business meetings and the staff was friendly. 
865 Staff was very very nice. Rooms are super comfortable, room service fast fast. Beautiful hotel View is 0 but is expected in that part of town. Will definitely come back 
866 The staf were ok but unfrindly. The room bed sheets were very dirty I had to go out and buy new so I can sleep on it. The location was great. 
867 this is a big hotel with an enormous lobby. decent rooms, very corporate....pretty good location though. you would think they could give you free access to the internet. 
868 It's not new or fancy, but it is wonderful in every other way: Good location, clean, quiet, comfortable, excellent staff, and lots of complimentary amenities. 
869 The rooms are VERY clean and the staff was friendly and very helpful. The parking garage is free for guests and that is a great perk. 
870 Close to times square and billed as boutique but still small rooms, small lobby and passageways so not much room to enjoy any public areas. We booked on hot-wire and for one night was ok but for longer you need more room 
871 Second stay at a Kimpton & I'll continue to try the boutique chain. The good: excellent rate, birthday upgrades, 4* restaurant, 5*rooftop bar. The bad: hard to reach concierge who forgot to make dinner reservation. 
872 Her yere ozelliklede metroya yakinligi temiz ve oldukca nezih bir cevrede olmasi tercih nedenimiz. Showlara yurume mesafesinde olmasi ve yakin cevrede 2nd Av. Makul restorantlarin bulunmasi bizi cok memnun etti. Ayrica otelin dekorasyonu , atmosferi ve iceri girer girmez mis gibi kokmasi yasamaya deger... 
873 Wonderful little property. Neat, clean and definitely has a "homely" feel. The staff are EXTREMELY hospitable. They actually CARE about their guests!!! 
874 Quite a large room by New York standards. It was a good price for this location. It was a basic hotel room but most importantly, it was clean. We found the street noise a little loud on the weekend but other then that, I would stay there again. 
875 Not bad. Location is excellent, hotel itself is nothing special. The lobby is nice, and the rooms are serviceable, staff was generally friendly and helpful. The hotel isn't extraordinary by any stretch, but it's a perfectly fine option if the price is right. 
876 Don't go there... The rooms are disgusting, the personnel, bad-tempered!!! When we were there, they found a dead body in a room, so we decided to leave one day early, but they refused to give us our money back! 
877 the hotel just opened a few weeks ago - and it is clean as a new one. rooms are small, but this was expected. it is located @ Wall&Water St. with 2min walking distance to NYSE and 2/3 Subway station. for the price i paid = recommended 
878 Wonderful hotel and service! Good location! Great Service! All Newwww!!! 
879 Ninguna critica, hotel recomendable por lo centrico y comodo en Nueva York 
880 The rooms are a little small, but they are very clean without smelling like cleaner. The beds were very nice. The staff are very friendly. 
881 prima hotel op loopafstand van times square en veel winkels in de buurt,wij vonden het een perfecte locatie en service van het hotelpersoneel is ook prima,ze waren erg behulpzaam. en wij vonden het ontbijd prima !!! 
882 Good location but had expected a lot more of quality of rooms and service. Hotel could use substantial upgrade And staff was slow in their responses, for example when asked for towels since there were none in the room it took the 45 mins 
883 I brought my boyfriend here for his birthday and it was great! The service is unmatched anywhere in the world. The hotel is magnificent. 
884 Great location, good services. Room we stayed in was a little small but you are in NEW YORK so you won't be in it much. Well presented and in walking distance of Madison Sq, empire state etc etc. Awesome 
885 Exelente hotel,desde todo punto de vista,buena ubicacion,buenas habitaciones,buen trato de los empleados y muy limpio. 
886 Great location, rate, amenities, but I never encountered such a loud frig! It was like sleeping next to an ice machine! What a shame, everything else seemed perfect. 
887 This renovated hotel does not disappoint. Fireplace in the lobby was very appealing on a cold Chicago day. Have never enjoyed a better room or been treated better 
888 Rate was excellent value for what we got. Recommend without reservation! 
889 Quality, clean rooms, friendly staff. Some rooms bigger than others, depending on what they assign to you. Convenient diner next door off hotel lobby. 
890 From the time we walked in to the time we left my family felt very welcomed. I am an avid Hilton property guest and this has been one of the best stays I have ever experienced. 
891 my wife and I have come to the city many times, we got engaged in Central Park, and this is one of our favs so far. Great location, very friendly staff and pretty reasonable (when you consider the usual costs associated with staying in Manhattan. 
892 Staff-Friendly and helpful Elevators-fast Room-Clean, bright, air-cond.working, housekeeping-great, spacious room, comfy beds, good flat screen tv. Check out Shake Shack across the street. One block from heart of Times Square. Convenient to several B'way theatres. Felt safe. Would recommend to families, theatre-goers. 
893 Stayed at the Hilton ! Loved it ! apart from the fact that I couldn't use my I pad in the hotel room..... Would recommend other than that. Robin Tinto 
894 Crowded, noisy, dirty. Service is poor, food is worse. Nothing like other Hyatt hotels I have visited. The room was dark and dusty. The Sunday buffet was tasteless and at 25.00 per person, not worth it. Too many nice hotels in Chicago to be wasting your money on this one. 
895 Highly recommended. The rooms are fashionably designed, roomy, quiet, and great value for money. Convenient NYC location and helpful staff. Will return again many times. 
896 Good hotel on a great location for a good price!! You just need a good bed in NY city :-) Also a convient coffee place/ shop availeble in hotel and a great bar!!! 
897 My brother and I stayed at this Hotel in September. although it is basic the rooms are comfortable and the staff friendly. We found it to be very reasonableand in an excellent location 
898 We encountered no problems and were happy with our choice of accomodation. 
899 The remodel of the penthouse meeting room is something to behold; truly breathtaking backdrop to any presentation or event. The beds are comfortable, and the rooms are clean. I love the burger place in the lobby, but room service is a little pricy. 
900 Stayed at the Surrey last week and found it to be a lovely hotel with nice clean rooms with very comfortable big beds, almost a shame that there is so much to do in NY that you don't really spend much time in the room. Would definitely recommend this hotel. 
901 Perfect location and a great view, the center of Time Square is right around the corner. 
902 Beautiful spacious suite, stunning decor, immaculate, beautiful bath, close to Central Park, 5th Ave etc. 
903 stayed dec 10 room only ,well what can i say .....no complaints: huge room/beds clean helpful bell boys- flagged taxis for us No1 location for broadway etc etc SHOCKED to read reviews re: thefts 
904 This Hotel is amazing, the location is the best for a great base in NYC, the service was fantastic and the room was massive. I am going to return to this hotel very soon. 
905 I had a great time. it was amazing! 
906 All around great place... i will def be returning! I have stayed at quite a few places in NYC and this hotel is on the top of my list. I would 100% recomend this hotel to a friend. 
907 Great location but........ No fine dining in hotel, very very loud everywhere including your room! I was on the 32 floor and heard every door slam and every siren, horn and street noise boom as if I was outside. 
908 The staff is incompetent. The rooms are dark and dreary...some with no windows. the carpets reek of smoke and dust. The accommodations were bleak. i wouldn't recommend this hotel to my worst enemy. No one deserves to pay $200 a night for a miserable hotel experience. Stay away...trust me...! 
909 Run down and tacky, couldnt believe that this place has been renovated in the past 30 years. 
910 Stayed during restaurant week. Employees very friendly. Location in Times Square is amazing. Great value too. 
911 Room size is good. Clean. New. Quiet. Great location. Free drinks and snacks. In New York? I have stayed at a lot of hotels, this is pretty nice all around. I would recommend this to anyone with the budget. 
912 I woild definitely return any time I go to Chicago. The price value. Ratio is great 
913 Nice rooms and service, close to e verything, yet very relaxed, private and low key. Very european in feel. Great showers. 
914 This is my second trip to this hotel, it's amazing! love the location, love the staff! i would stay here again, again and again. 
915 Stayed here for business. Rooms were on the small side but nice esp for NYC. Wasn't a fan of the bathroom metal sink, although modern, kind of reminded me of industrial or army style. Great location about a block from the hub of times square. 
916 All ok, nothing wrong, just that there is a better W a few blocks away. That said, I had a great weekend, but that was more to do with who I was with :) 
917 The hotel was spotless, the staff was friendly and helpful and the rooms were beautiful. We would definitly stay here again and have already recommended it to friends. 
918 Stayed at Club Quarters this February. The rooms are small but the great staff and location makes up for it. Got great recommendations from Virginia and Kevin at the reception. Will be back! 
919 Stay in room # 302 with own bathroom, avoid the rooms facing the street, they aree too noisy! Overall, a clean place to get some rest, shower and get out to the city. Subways and Buses are 3 blocks away. 
920 Nice Hotel, Good Room with HD tv. The rooms are updated to the new standards. Also nice personel. (-) Small minor point. The complemantery internet is very slow. If you want fast wifi you have to pay 9.95 a day 
921 Zimmer AAA- Service AAA F&B AAA+ jederzeit wieder 
922 Clean rooms. Great breakfast. Friendly, attentive reception desk especially Brandi. 
923 We stayed for four nights in May. Comfortable room, plenty of space, clean, everything worked. No problem with noise at night. Helpful and courteous staff. Would confidently recommend this to any normal tourist. Very good value ' $89 plus tax. 
924 It was a good hotel, although I did not stay there too much. The elevators were a little weird but since it was a business trip and I did not have to pay, it was good enough. 
925 comodissimo (a un passo da Rockefeller center e la 5th) pulito prezzo interessante stanze un po' piccole 
926 Had a very pleasant stay last week. comfortable accommodations and cordial staff. Rooms can be dark;lighting in bathroom makes it difficult to apply makeup! Rooms facing 55th can be somewhat noisy. But great value and convenient to everything! Restaurants and shopping close by. Definitely, a find. 
927 Fantastic place for my family. The staff was wonderful and the area was secure. This is a new property and we were extremely pleased. Would certainly stay here again. 
928 Came in to NYC for an interview and was put up at the Club Quarters. The location was right next to the subway and provided great access to the city. The rooms were a bit small, but comfortable. Front desk service was very polite. Overall I would recommend it. 
929 centralissimo, a 15 minuti a piedi da times square,linea metropolitana davanti all'hotel, vista mozzafiato..empire state building a pochi passi, pulizia eccellente,personale collaborativo,un'ottima esperienza. 
930 Wonderful experience!Home like feeling, close to major highways and good location.Perfect options for living arrangements during a relocation or transition.Pricing is great and you benefit from longer stays. The best choice for short- term living. 
931 Very clean and nice hotel. Very close to Hobby Airport. Front desk and shuttle driver were very friendly. Colse to Houston medical center and downtown. 
932 Location of hotel is only two blocks from Times Square-easy to walk too! The room we had was a king sized bedroom-large for NYC and clean!! Staff friendly and helpful. Free continental breakfast and wifi along with free USA calls. Highly recommend! 
933 Fabulous hotel, great room, great location, great staff. We were travelling with our 5 year old and they upgraded us so that we would have a little more space. We would definitely stay there again. 
934 Es una ciudad perfecta y maravillosa! la recomiendo a todo el mundo, es muy especial, ya volveria muchisimas veces. 
935 I chose this hotel because of its proximity to Broadway shows and theaters. Although it is a bit worn, it is clean and the beds and linens are excellent. The staff is very helpful and the concierge Larry was outstanding. The subway station is right across the street. Highly recommend 
936 great location, really nicely decorated, tasty breakfast and really comfortable bed would definitely stay again 
937 My husband and I had a wonderful stay at The Four Seasons Houston. The service was first class and the amenities were endless. We will be back here soon!!! Try the chocolate truffle martini. It was so yummy! 
938 The room was clean, serviced regularly, very comfortable, great amenities but without a view. It wasn't noisy at all. However the neighborhood on the Upper West Side was pretty dead. 
939 Great hotel at an affordable price. The Kimpton's always deliver and Ink48 is no exception. Very new and well appointed. The streets around the hotel are busy so higher floors are preferred. Not as centrally located at the Muse or Eventi but definitely a good choice in NYC. 
940 We went to the bar at the Waldorf for drinks after the Opera and no one even looked at us for 10 minutes! The bar had horrible service and was not even busy..... I will never go back! 
941 Un hotel moderno, excelentes habitaciones, un bar increible, mejor restaurante de sushi en la planta baja, muy amable los empleados y la mejor ubicacion a solo metros del Time Square, salis caminando y te encontras rodeado de Teatros, Restaurantes y toda la magia de NY. 
942 Location was Ideal, the King size Bed extremely comfortable, the memory foam does make a difference. Staff was very friendly, would recomend it. 
943 Great location and staff, but rooms and hallways need updating. Bathroom did not have electrical outlet for hair dryer. We made tea reservations, but they lost them (we had written confirmation). Once it is updated, we will try it again. 
944 This was family trip and we booked 2 rooms. Everything was great except front desk and stuff. Only one lady was nice the rest rude, mean and arrogant. Gizela 
945 This is one of the better hotels in Times Square. The executive lounge serves pretty decent food and the bar in the lobby is very trendy. The rooms are comfortable and warm and service was on par with typical Crown Plaza hotels. I would recommend this hotel. 
946 The staff was so helpful! We got to the hotel early so they checked our bags for the day and called us when the room was ready. The doormen Jules and Donald were especially great, can't wait to come back. Thet recommended restaurants (fabulous) 
947 watch your valuables! If you use the valet parking service better take everything with you when you leave your car: loose change, maps, kleenex, breath mints, and everything else. The car parking staff have magnetic fingers, which will attract anything that isn't bolted down. 
948 This was our 1st trip to New York and we liked staying here. It was nice seeing the Raddison as soon as we came out of Penn Station. The rooms were small but clean. Everyone there were very nice to us. 
949 Stayed here for a weekend in Manhattan and it was excellent. Perfect location close to all the trains and great breakfast to grab before site seeing. 
950 The hotel is beautifully maintained and staff are helpful and polite. The beds are comfortable, and the temperature control is perfect. However, the rooms are exceptionally small. Please also note there is a long-term construction project going on next door, with jack hammers beginning at 7 AM. 
951 The view of Lake Michigan was superb and the rooms were extremely comfortable and sleek. Stick with the mid to upper floors if possible to avoid the Lake Shore drive distractions. 
952 I`d like to congratulate Joyce`s attention to my family and the care of my room. Thanks. 
953 Un albergo tutto in stile marocchino, molto colorato e carino. Comodo soprattutto per la posizione. Punti deboli: no ascensore (la valigia la portano i ragazzi dell'hotel), tutta moquette e stanza con finestra che da su un muro... Punti forti: pulito e ottima posizione. 
954 Struttura un po' vecchiotta ma ottima la posizione camere belle e accogliente personale gentile e parlano pure in italiano 
955 i stayed there for 13 nights in march 03. Great location. 10 min from Macys and the empire state buliding. You have the subway right outside the hotel. I got a room on the 10 th floor with a beautiful view. Nice big clean room. 
956 Pros: Front desk personnel very helpful, room very clean, bathroom clean, clean linens and towels. Very good price and location. Cons: Room small, and over heated. NO VIEW of anything from most rooms. Breakfast room too small and overheated. Too much Styrofoam used for breakfast items. 
957 Een zeer verzorgd en trendy hotel, recent gerenoveerd, interieur design door Philippe Starck. Personeel was zeer behulpzaam en uitermate vriendelijk. Verzorgde kamers, klein maar trendy, een absolute aanrader. Theaters vlakbij en Times Square op 3 minuten wandelen. 
958 Los cuartos excelentes! El serivico tb muy bueno! Lo unico q podria criticar es que no tenga el desayuno incluido x la tarifa que uno paga. Fuera de eso todo muy bien!! Muy bien ubicado, comodo, limpio, buen servicio! =) 
959 I will continue to stay at this hotel. We have stayed here twice in past 19 months. Convenient to Times Square, 5th ave, and Rockefeller Center. The staff (especially the bellhops) are so nice and great with my 9 year old son. 
960 Stayed in this Hotel from 23rd August to the 26th August Rooms are small but thta is New York First Night the duvet was not ironed on one bed and looked awful the next day they had changed but there was a tear on the duvet cover not Sheraton Standard? 
961 El hotel esta totalmente nuevo, super limpio, muy comodo, a 2 calles de Times Square. El personal del hotel en general es agradable, hay una maquina de cafes gratuitos en cada planta. Lo unico incomodo es que no hay armarios en las habitaciones solo 4 perchas y 2 cajones diminutos. 
962 That was a worst hotel i ever seen before! Bugs, small dirty room, no elevator, strange smell...Never stay here! It's horrible!... and do not trust the pictures on the website, they are lie! 
963 This is the worst sheraton property i have ever seen. The price is outrageous and customer service is really bad. Worst place i have ever stayed. 
964 Hotel is OK. Probably lack some personal touches, a cozyer lobby and better front desk clerks. Rooms are very nice, contrary to the lobby, which seems dull and boring. TV service in rooms is very limited. 
965 if you need a lot of space try the holiday inn,,,,if you want a great deal in nyc stay here....small rooms , I only sleep there, great location, quiet, clean and cheap for nyc with tax $140 ish....... 
966 Love this hotel a bit dated but great views. And great service 
967 Good location, near the famous shops and central park. They have large rooms, good for families. I think all of their rooms have double beds. You have to pay for Internet. We had zero view. The room and the bathroom was clean. The bathroom has a bathtub. 
968 Clean hotel, great service, and the breakfast was good. The only real negative was the super slow elevators and the fact that this hotel (and many others) abuse the Times Square monicker. 
969 Staff has been amazing, I have stayed in bunch of Hilton properties in NYC and the staff here has been nothing but courteous and helpful with all my requests! Great location, decent rooms 
970 Hotel is very nice...rooms beautifully appointed (LOVED the baseball theme throughout), AVEDA toiletries, tub AND separate shower. One thing however, loud noise from atrium bar travels up so if you are on floors 1-3, bring a sound machine. I found the hotel staff to be friendly and helpful. 
971 We stayed at the Comfort Inn for 7 nights and had a wonderful time. The hotel has a fantastic location. Easy walking distance to Time Square, the theater district and 5th Ave shops. The staff was really nice and helpful. Will be staying here again! 
972 My wife and I stayed for 2 nites. Great location within walking distance of many NYC attractions. Public parking facility next door. Room was clean, roomy with excellent furnishings. Bathroom was also roomy. Staff was very personable and exceptionally helpful. Will definitely stay there again. 
973 Although centrally located close to Grad Central, the Radisson Lexington was a great disappointment. Not only very small hoteroom and tiny bathroom in screaming need of renovation, but the room and bathroom were not clean. This is extremly low value for a great amount of money. 
974 DATE:28/01/2009 Reviewer:A TripAdvisor Member, PORTUGAL Great location... Elevators? not so slow... Staff? fine with me... very nice space(lobby,aspen club) Rooms?ok...maybe a little bit bigger will do no harm..but i dont go to NY to stay at the hotel.. Next time to NY?probably STAY Hotel again 
975 If you are looking for refinement and sophistication this is the place for you. Warm and inviting suites. Overall room sizes are quite large compared to other hotels in NYC. Views of Central Park are amazing. Priced well for its location. I would recommend this place in a heartbeat. LisaM 
976 Super location in mid-town Manhattan. The rooms are typical NYC (smaller) but the furnishings are very nice. Maybe 5 blocks (?) from a major subway station. Few blocks from Times Square Lots a great restaurants near-by 
977 We stayed in Oct 2004. The rooms aren't big, but then you don't go to NY to stay in your room!!. Staff great, breakfast a bonus and cocktail hour shouldn't be missed. Location great too, would book again, Neil& Ann Liverpool 
978 This is a great hotel to stay at if you are in midtown, the rooms are a bit larger than other hotels in the area and they have breakfast in the morning for Hilton Gold members 
979 Make sure you bring ear plugs if you are a light sleeper. Otherwise, this is not a bad hotel. Location is great, room nice and clean, staff seems to be competent. 
980 Is the location great? YES Is it a cool Place to have a drink? YES Is the room smaller than my dorm in 10th grade? YES Is it way overpriced for NYC? YES There are so many other great hotels in NYC for the price. 
981 The hotel is about two blocks from the Waldorf. The subway is on the same corner. You are within easy walking distance to Times Square, the Theatre, Central Park, etc. Great location. The service was great, the rooms were clean and big enough. For this price, you can't go wrong. 
982 Because of the great service, I would definitely return to your property. I would also recommend all my friends & family to your location. Again, we enjoyed Nelson's enthusiasm & personality whenever we encoutered him. What a wonderful time spent @ the W!!! 
983 Hotel staff were friendly and efficient 
984 Rooms were clean and comfortable. Food and drinks were slightly on the expensive side but you do not get charged for the great atmosphere so well worth it. Great location for exploring the rest of NY. 
985 Stayed at the hotel for two weeks on business. There is a fire station, police station and monestary next to the hotel. Between the all night fire sirens and bells from the monestary in the morning, it was very tough to sleep. A/C unit didn't work. 
986 colazione inclusa. location perfetta per uscire la sera a cena. zona molto cool e poco turistico/commerciale. a 2 passi dalla metro W4. 
987 Had a small problem w/ the window not locking but it was quickly fixed. Small, yet clean and no bugs. Excellent location and price!!! 
988 Logo que chegamos ,,precisamos pedir p/trocar a roupa de cama que estava suja, e resto de comida no quarto,uma batata.Reclamamos a primeira vez e recebemos um bonus para o cafe da manha.Minha filha teve nove picadas no corpo constadata hoje por dermatologista como provavelmente sendo PULGA. 
989 The staff were friendly and the rooms were clean, we were on the 22nd floor so it was nice and quite and the hotel was very central which we loved as we could walk to most of the destinations. 
990 What a beautiful hotel. I would definitely recommend you check it out if you are looking for a place to stay or hold a party/event in Chicago. Can't think of a better place to leave a lasting impression. 
991 The Mercer is definitely one of my favourites to stay when I am in New York, love the simple and bright rooms, very timeless. My recent stay did not disappoint and the service was very good as usual. Will definitely keep coming back. 
992 probably the best views in the city, floor to ceiling windows, small rooms but so cool, staff was helpful and friendly, love it! 
993 Buen precio y comodidades. Hotel limpio, seguro y con la facilidad del desayuno en pleno Manhattan. Recomendable. 
994 The hotel experience was very good. All aspects of the service were excellent...actually some of the best we've had and we've stayed at very high end hotels. The amenities were very good. Room was a little tight but spotless. 
995 Great little hotel on 5th avenue and next to the Empire State building. Small rooms, maybe better for a solo traveller than for a couple but very clean, comfortable. Aircon units in the rooms could be noisy in summer. The rate was VERY reasonable for the quality of the hotel. 
996 Brilliant location, Exceptionally helpful staff, Eye Candy decore! Bar attached called Aspen Social Club-very sociable! 
997 Love this hotel! All the opposing teams that play the Cubs, stay here. Baseball players everywhere! 
998 I enjoyed my stay at Raffaello. The service was excellent, and the location was great (a short walk to the Brown and Red lines). 
999 proche des magasins,de centrale park,vue sur times square magnifique 
1000 Sean Olmstead, assistant manager, and his staff were most helpful in arranging for everyting I requested from dinner reservations, transportation to helpful tips on getting around the City. Front desk staff knowledgable, efficient and professional. 
1001 Hotel is up to Hilton standards except in house restaurants are nothing special. Beware charges for parking ($43 per night) and wifi is not free ($39.50 for 5 days) which is over the top when most hotels now provide wifi free. 
1002 We will come back, whenever in NY, it was great. Lars & Sabine Sweden 
1003 Wonderfully responsive and supber attention to making my stay a stellar experience!!!! 
1004 Wonderful hotel in perfect NYC location!! Rooms big with comfortable beds. Stayed here to get ready for my wedding and for that first night and it wsa just the place for this special day! Disclosure - this was in May 2008 but this hotel stands the test of time! 
1005 Stayed there with a bunch of visiting friends. It's a cheap hotel I found in NYC that has a brand name reputation. I can pretty much go around the country staying in different best western hotels. 
1006 From the moment Ty greeted us at the door we felt at home. The staff area very friendly and greeted by name everyone morning and upon our return at night. Great location for exploring the city and for restaurants. Would we come again - yes! 
1007 Great location, comfortable hotel Service in bar average yet food quite good 
1008 This hotel was a surprise. It had everything - - great location, helpful & courteous staff, comfortable & clean rooms, and for NYC standards, large rooms - - and all at a great price. What a find! We will definitelyuse thisplace again. 
1009 on a vibrant street in a colourful but pretty safe area. Nice and clean. large apartment. Air con pretty noisy but you could sleep through it. Lovely bathroom. 
1010 Its a great place stay because the people there are great. The shopping is within walking distance 
1011 The restaurants are great and close. It just a great piace 
1012 We stayed here the first of October and the hotel needs some updating - rooms were so small that I had to move the t.v. back to get around the bed. Bathroom was small. Location is was great. 
1013 Great hotel, located in nice area, although not centrally located, everything is walking distance and metro is around the corner. Rooms were small but nice. 
1014 Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. I expected much more from this place, since I stayed before at this same chain in Times Square. Room is very small and the bed was not so confortamble as I expected. Breakast is not the same quality either. 
1015 The staff was friendly and extremely helpful. I was a little disappointed because when we arrived, the ONE bell boy they had on staff was at lunch. We had to load, roll and carry all of our things up by ourselves. 
1016 Fue nuestro refugio al paso del huracan Sandy por Nueva York. Cuenta con buenas habitaciones, sin embargo el costo resulta alto para no tener restaurante. Reservamos una noche y nos quedamos la segunda al mismo precio pero no recibimos servicio de aseo a la habitacion. 
1017 I would say this is my favorite Chicago Hotel-perhaps ONE notch behind The Sofitel. Great location-great staff, and the room had nearly everything one might need-right down to an Ipod charger and docking station! No microwave :( but oh, well...perfectly located near Navy Pier, too. SUPER comfy beds and pillows! 
1018 This is a great hotel. very convenient location, escpecially if you are shopping at the Galleria, going to Reliant Stadium, Minute Maid Park. it is all within 10 minutes. The hotel was very clean and comfortable. We were escpecially please with the level of service provided by the staff 
1019 Hotel staff was accomodating and friendly. The rooms were clean and updated recently. Flat panel tv in room. Location is close to several bars and restaurants. Good for business meetings, etc... 
1020 Swift and friendly check-in. Generous sized, and very clean room with comfortable bed. Small pool (didn't use). Short drive or walk to a selection of places to eat. Not far from Firehouse Saloon. Buffet breakfast was basic, but acceptable. Would stay here again without a second thought. 
1021 This is the second time I've stayed at this motel in Times Square. The value and location are terrific for NYC. The staff was again, very helpful and pleasant. The room, though small, was fine. Clean w/ the amenities of pricier motels. I still give it an Above Average rating. 
1022 Stayed at the Blakely for 3 nights. Excellent accommodations! Staff extremely helpful, beautiful room and so clean. Great continental breakfast. Convenient to everything and quiet. I'll be back! 
1023 only good location and nothing else....:-) toilets are horrible! 
1024 family room with a little kitchen (it's the better way to eat in manhattan); wonderful location, near park avenue, 5 min to rockfeller center; wonderful room, good price. Something was wrong with the service (not very kind); our room wasn't cleaned at 4 p.m.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
1025 This building does not have bed bugs. I 'am very happy with this hotel. I promised Ryan at the desk to write a review and here it is :). I give it a 5 in every category and I mean it. Thank you 
1026 Super zentral gelegen. Zwei Minuten zu Fuss zum Columbus Circle oder zwei Minuten zu Fuss zum Times Square. Lage, Lage, Lage. Alles in allem ein super Hotel. Wir waren nun zum vierten Mal in NYC und haben einen guten Vergleich mit anderen Haeusern. Dieses Hotel hat uns begeistert. 
1027 Excellent location. Walking distance to most places in Manhatten. Great view from room. Rooms, including bathroom are a little small. Only one small wardrobe to hang clothes. Lots of drawer space though. Hotel restaurant is very expensive. Service could be better. 
1028 This is a historic hotel with excellant customer service. The room was comfortable, the workout room well equipted, and the restaurant served excellant casual food. 
1029 We felt that the hotel and our room was dreary and the breakfast room was a dreary bar with adjacent bathroom that was in need of cleaning. It looked far better on their website than in person. 
1030 Hotel molto confortevole, stile moderno molto cool situato in una posizione strategica tra Times Square e la Fifth Avenue, camere piccole ma molto belle, bagno grande, l'ipad in camera per ordinare direttamente alla recption e collegarsi ad internet e' strepitoso, twifi gratuito su tutta la struttura. Personale gentile 
1031 This is a really nice hotel, beautiful rooms, perfect service. From the hotel you can just walk to downtown hotel, spend some time in the nearby park or walk along the lake to the Navy Pier. A perfect place to have a good time in Chicago. 
1032 Recommend the "superior rooms" which are situated on the higher floors and have a good size. The bedding and service are excellent. A coffee & tea facility would have been welcome though. The location is just great with theatres and numerous restaurants in the area. 
1033 Only can get a live person on the phone from 9-5 central time. Call and see. Unreasonable cancellation policy. Ask for it in writing. Multiple billing errors. Billed in 08 and 09 for a stay that never happened. Just reported them to American Express for the latest issue. 
1034 This hotel was perfect! Great place to relax after walking endlessly!! Excellent location with plenty to offer. Just steps away from Times Square and very close to the 7th Ave subway and Times Square subway. 
1035 this was our 2nd stay at the Hotel Chandler and it was still as nice as the first time. It's location is great, the receptionists and door men are very helpful and friendly. Upon booking we asked for a room with a view to the street, which we got. 
1036 Very clean centrally located hotel. Despite a few shady stores on the block, we felt very safe any time of day or night. Great breakfast buffet & helpful staff. Rooms were immaculate & well stocked. Would definitely stay here again! 
1037 Clean, confortable room and beds, friendly staff, very good breakfast included, prices are a little high (but we stayed just on New Year's week), and excellent location. 
1038 Nice room, a little small. Very good bed and bathroom. Room was quiet and clean. A small table could be usefull to have a take out meal when you are tired after a long walkind day around NYC Good option in midtown NYC, specially for couples. Not for small children. 
1039 Not sooo exclusive but with a very good rate, service, beds, spaces, etc. Near to every main point in the city and just 5 meters away from the Metro Station. 
1040 I travel to NYC once a month on buisness and have tried a variety of hotels. A business associate recommended the Michelangelo. It was very clean, large rooms for NY, quiet, and in a great location. I will stay again. 
1041 this is a superb hotel in soho,great beds,clean,awesome staff!! 
1042 Staff was very pleasant and helpful. Excellent central location on 46th St. Room was spotless, plenty of towels. Instant internet connection. Parking was convenient and discounted. Great value for a great price. Very impressed and would definitely stay there again. 
1043 Overall good staff and and helpful. The position is good for all the attractions, parks,pier and shopping that Chicago has to offer. The hotel could do with a little updating as it does look tired in places but overall a good experience. 
1044 Overall, the customer service was excellent. Very friendly staff. This was my second stay and will go back again. Excellent location for public transportation and night life. The restaurant that is in the lobby was fabulous. You receive 20% off of your bill when you stay at the hotel. 
1045 stayed one night at the roger smith hotel. everything was perfect. nice ambiance and breakfast was delicious. 
1046 We visit the NYC and want to stay as close to the city as possible, Marriott @times square is very convenient, although the price is a bit steep, but considering its location and convenience, it might still be worth it. 
1047 Spent one night with friends, small room, staff was helpful, beds were comfortable...short walk to shopping, short cab ride to time square. Worth it. 
1048 We love vintage/boutique hotels! This one did not disappoint!!! The location is perfect. The only issue we had was the A.C. our room was extremely hot...last week of June...and there was plumbing maintenance performed in the middle of the night.....Otherwise, Great hotel & location! 
1049 My Husband and i got a great deal for 3 nights and loved the downtown location 
1050 Rooms were spacious, clean and the hotel is a boutique for sure. Never to stay Midtown agaiin! 
1051 Pamala at this Hotel is excelent for customer service. Kind and very helpful. I am a Platinum member since 1988 and this is a very friendly hotel. Very good restaurant. Great courtesy van service. Take care Don 
1052 My title says it all! I really enjoyed my room. Its so nice after being out all day. Great location and I cannot fault my stay there. 
1053 Stayed here for a second time and it will be my last. The location is great and price very variable but it is very dated and needs a refresh all over. Not so clean either.There are better options in the same area. 
1054 Easy walking for those people who want to be close to the shopping Mecca of high end Manhattan. Plenty to see and do. A ideal bacce. 
1055 Small room and bed (just a full bed). Do not ask for couples bed, ask for 2 twins. Pricy breakfast. Good service and price benefit. 
1056 This was a perfect trip with the girls! Location was fantastic and the service top-notch. We had a "cool corner" room and loved the Bliss products! We can't wait to have another reunion soon. 
1057 Nice cozy room,just steps from subway and few blocks from the park. 
1058 Me and my wife were here in the soft opening period. Staff are extremely polite and helpful with tips. Although the room is small it is very well decorated and comfortable (specially the bed) and bathroom has a good size with an amazing shower. Certainly will be back! 
1059 Ottima posizione vicina alle linee F (Houston St.) e 4, 5, 6 (Bleecker St.). Stanza piccola (nella media locale) ma fornitissima, unico problema il traffico sottostante (al 3 piano). Personale giovane e disponibile. 
1060 Booked this hotel through priceline for a quick business trip. Very clean and quiet; very well appointed and spacious rooms and excellent location. Business center and indoor pool were added bonuses. Would definitely stay here again. 
1061 Food is terrible. Tried the breakfast buffet, lunch and room service - not one good meal in 3 days. Prices are very expensive for the quality 
1062 I stayed in one of the renovated rooms and was shocked at how large it was (especially for being in the heart of NYC). The room was chic and very clean. The staff were all great and the location can't be beat, of your looking for that full-on NYC experience. 
1063 We have been staying with the Millenium UN Plaza for our honey moon. Clean rooms, spacy, nice service. What we enjoyed most was the view from our room over NYC. 
1064 We didn't have high expectations but thought the value for the size of the room and location was great. Perfect location if you are going to MSG, Macy's, Time Square... It is an old hotel but staff were friendly and the room was clean. Would stay again. 
1065 Highly recommend this hotel - great location, beautiful modern rooms with everything you need and ok size (small but not tiny - you have room for everything) Free wifi Great price, quality ratio. 
1066 I stayed here for 2 nights and have no complaints. Friendly staff and smooth operations. Yes, the place is a bit old, dirty and run down, but being downtown for around $130 a night, it is tough to beat. I would stay here again. 
1067 Everything about this hotel is perfect- the service, the rooms, the location, the food. As long as you're not on a budget, this is the place to stay! If you are, however, looking to spend less than $10,000 for a week in NYC, this is not the hotel for you! 
1068 Perfect location! Perfect room! Perfect price! Nothing to complain about! 
1069 The hotel lies in a quiet area of New York, but other wise central. It is close to Central Park and Times Square (you can walk). The hotel looks nice, but it is quite old. I would stay there again, but for the location, not for it's looks. 
1070 het hotel was zeer proper,klein maar compact,vriendelijke mensen aan de balie.vanaf 6u smorgens kregen we gratis koffie aan de balie.als we nog eens naar new york gaan,zouden we zeker weer het zelfde hotel nemen, 
1071 ES UN HOTEL MUY BIEN UBICADO PERO MUY BASICO. PARA SER NEW YORK SE PUEDE CONSIDERAR COMO UN ALOJAMIENTO ACEPTABLE. ES RECOMENDABLE SI SOLO SE UTILIZA EL HOTEL PARA DORMIR A LAS NOCHES. RECOMENDABLE EL BAR DE AL LADO PARA DESAYUNAR. 
1072 I was happy with my stay in New York City. The hotel was comfortable, clean, centrally located and at a reasonable price. I would certainly recommend it. 
1073 Very pleasant staff on front desk, Dianne was charming, the room was ok, why charge so much for a mini bar though? I would recommend this hotel, it's in. Perfect location 
1074 Simple hotel that is clean, with free wi-fi and breakfast. Nothing fancy, but easy to find and no surprises! 
1075 We stayed here for 4 nights, a family of four, we thought that this was an excellent location, breakfast was good, drinks availiable 24hrs. Reception staff were excellent quick check-in, helped with booking trips etc and good advice, would use again without fail 
1076 Just got back great hotel ideal location near Penn Station Empire State ect well worth a visit rooms were ok somewhere to rest your head that was clean. Tick took diner is great place to eat and 9/11 memorial is a must 
1077 We arrived late and were greated with a dirty lobby, people hanging in lobby, strange people exiting hotel. Room was ok - very worn and dirty - air quality stuffy and musty. I did not feel comfortable there and would not come back. 
1078 The Soho Grand is absolutely fab!!! From the doormen to the housekeeping ladies. They are all great. I will reccomend any one to stay here. 
1079 Very easy access to many of New York's must see places. 
1080 Clean quiet great value. I'd stay again. Large roomsx 
1081 Service at this hotel could not be better -- everyone is complete devoted to their customer's total satisfaction and it shows! Rooms are nicely appointed, bathroom amenities are upscale, complimentary breakfast, wine/cheese reception, snacks are exceptional and location is fabulous! Our Home away from Home! 
1082 Great place to stay. Walking distant to Times Square. Sleek modern design. Little rooms, but very white & bright. Extremely clean. Great little bar on the 4th floor. Will definately stay there again! 
1083 Nothing grand and nothing terrible about the Soho. Room was adequate but furniture was worn. Could use better lighting. Staff friendly enough. Room service sandwich was fine. Room faced construction across the street. All in all, an OK hotel but nothing more. 
1084 Hotel is just minutes from Houston Intercontinental Airport, appears nearly new, extremely clean and quiet, friendly, helpful staff, and reasonable rates. If you are staying in north Houston or need to be close to the airport, this is the best value that I have seen. 
1085 This was our first holiday away from home, so the hotel made us feel like we were home. Staff treated us on first name basis and the rates were perfect. I am always looking for specials with this hotel chain and when they do, we always to advantage of it. 
1086 had lovely spacious room,staff very helpfull,fantastic floral display in lobby,would recommend this hotel. 
1087 It was a great location-near Central Park and a reasonable walk away from Times Square. The rooms were good-sized and it was clean & mod priced 
1088 The W lakeshore tends to draw a young crowd, but it is sitll a wonderful hotel. Great value, great location, comfortable rooms with functional luxury. Fun bar scene downstairs. Good sized gym. Great day spa. 
1089 This is a wonderful hotel, well located. Loved the coffee and croissants in the morning and the lounge at night. Room was quiet and comfortable. We upgraded to a one bedroom suite and it was fantastic as we had a group of 6 people in our party. 
1090 They allowed us to check in early (11am) Nice clean room. Small, but its NYC under $200. Water cooler with bottles on each floor is a nice touch. It was perfect for a quick overnight in the big apple! Repeat guest at this hotel and will be back. 
1091 This hotel is scary, it is like being in the movie "four rooms". It's like going back into the 60's and very retro looking. My friend got stuck in the room and couldn't get out cause the key went around and around, it was scary!!!!! Rooms were ugly and dirty!! 
1092 We stayed there during a girls' trip recently. Conveniently located near the Toyota Center, so if you have a concert to go to, this is the place. Rooms are spacious and comfy. They have free breakfast which is very convenient. Totally quiet and perfect. Will return. 
1093 My three friends and I just came back from the Macy's parade we stayed at the Comfort Inn Manhattan....We were treated very good and the staff were outstanding..I would recommend this hotel to any one...Thanks again for making our stay so pleasant.....Edie 
1094 Nice place, stay there!!!! A lot of places near the hotel, 
1095 This is one of my favorite Starwood hotels. It is well located, SPG floor rooms are very spacious and the heavenly beds are very nice. It is close to the attaractions and businesses on Times Square but away from the noise of Time Square. 
1096 This hotel is really great, an excellent value and good clean room. Staff was very accomodating to my needs and listened to every request I had. Enjoyed my sleep there in a very comfortable bed. 
1097 un hotel taille humaine, bien tenu , propre, le personnel serviable, j'y retournerai volontiers 
1098 I stayed at this hotel after a tour as a way of seeing new york city.staff are freindly,rooms are huge and its close to everything new york has to offer including walking distance to central park! 
1099 Like a very large youth hostel. Pleasant desk staff, clean bed. But...door did not shut properly, huge gap under door, dirty carpets, falling ceiling in ancient bathroom, no curtains to block sun, battered walls and furniture. In short, a disaster. 
1100 Good location, btwn Macy's & Empire State building, 7 blks to times square. We arrived on train into Penn Station, 1 blk away. Hotel was clean, breakfast good, but was a hassle with wi-fi, had to log in every time we went out to smoke. We would stay here again. 
1101 Located in the heart of Soho, surrounded by all the shops and many good restaurants! We really enjoyed our stay.. the staff were always very kind and helpful. The food in the restaurant was very good (especially the lamb and the salad!) and we loved the lobby bar!!! 
1102 Excellent personal service. Small however tastefully decorated rooms. 
1103 We stayed here for 3 nights for a short break before Christmas 2005. Lovely hotel, in a good location. 
1104 Negesti Thompson at the Front desk is a perfect representative of this property. She went out of her way to assist me in downloading my boarding passes, and is always pleasant, efficient, and all around a joy to be around. Excellent location, ninth time visiting the Eastgate since summer 2008! 
1105 Fabulous location, great atmosphere. We love the lobby/lounge with tons of restaurants, live music and views of times square. 
1106 BON HOTEL DE CLASSE MOYENNE BIEN SITUE POUR FAIRE VOS BALLADES DANS MANHATAN,PERSONNEL SYMPA, CHAMBRE PAS TRES GRANDE MAIS BIEN EQUIPEE,PETIT DEJEUNE ASSEZ CHER ,MAIS IL Y A DES STARBUCK CAFE JUSTE A COTE 
1107 We recently stayed at the Novotel as a family (2 x 2) and thoroughly enjoyed our time there. Location was perfect, staff were attentive and friendly, room was clean, bedding was very comfortable, what more could you ask for? We would definitely recommend and we would definitely stay there again. 
1108 I can say only one thing: this hotel is just amazing. Service is great , location is great and the prices are great. I recommend it to everyone :) 
1109 I'll make it short. Loved the hotel, the rooms the restaurants and the location. A bit costly but it's worth it. 
1110 I stay like 2 times, and they always clean, the rooms are small but good, is for sleep only you go to see the city and come back late to sleep, i really like it!! And everything is like walking distance!!! AAA++++ 
1111 Nicely situated, but somewhat pricey($450). Unable to get room until about 4pm, which was a huge inconvenience. The elevators are inadequate for the size of the accomodation. Nice resident cat!! 
1112 Nice hotel, good location. Clean and nice staff. The maid even left us a 'thank you' note for the tip we left! Yes it is near a parole office and an adult DVD shop, however, this did not affect our experience at all. We would definitely stay here again. 
1113 OTTIMO HOTEL SITUATO IN UPPER WEST SIDE IN ZONA TRANQUILLA E MOLTO GRADEVOLE CON DUE FERMATE METRO NELLE VICINANZE. CAMERA PICCOLA MA MOLTO PULITA COSI' COME IL BAGNO. PERSONALE GENTILE E DISPONIBILE. HOTEL SICURAMENTE DA CONSIGLIARE. 
1114 The staff are unhelpful and the view of the water has a highway infront of it. But the rooms were ok. 
1115 Very accommodating - very clean - great location! Stayed here during "Sandy" and they were wonderful during the storm! Nreakfast and internet were included in our package which is such a savings. Would definitely stay here again! 
1116 Lovely hotel - friendly and helpful staff - great location - and breakfast was nice too with lots of variety, we were on the 21st floor and never had a problem with the lifts. would recommend to family's and couples. would defiantly go back - thank you. 
1117 Would have been 5 stars, except I thought the room service food was poor. Very helpful staff. Good gym. 
1118 Terza volta che torno in questo hotel e continuo a trovarmi bene ad un prezzo medio considerando che siamo nel cuore di Manhattan.La posizione e' assolutamente perfetta. Camere pulite e abbastanza spaziose. Unico neo: wifi non disponibile gratuitamente. 
1119 hotel was ok, but poor lighting in bathroom, a bit worn out. staff was mixed bag of helpful and stereo-typical NYC impersonal. used points, but would have been unhappy if paying $. good location for shopping and shows, which was key reason to stay there. no bed bugs. 
1120 Stayed here for two nights. The front desk and staff were friendly and excellent. Upgraded us twice without our asking. The location is wonderful and the price was great. it's not fancy, but I would stay here again in a minute/ 
1121 Marriott Courtyard Times Square is conveniently located near Times Square, right nearby lovely Bryant Park. Friendly staff (if a bit over-attentive), well appointed rooms, although there was a constant cold draft going through which was uncomfortable. Free wireless internet was a big plus. An overall nice hotel 
1122 ...as soon as possible! A great location, friendly staff, room nicer than I expected (judging from some of the earlier reviews I'd read). 
1123 Poor service, dirty rooms. The only reason to contemplate staying at this hotel is the location. It's close to a range of sites and the railway station. 
1124 gracias por la agradable estadia que nos brindaron en su casa,,, comoda, limpia, super ubicada, junto con mis hijos queremos agradecer a todo el personal del hotel la excelente atencion recibida durante nuestras vacaciones. 
1125 Great location, view of Empire State Building from our rooms, kids loved! Rooms were kind of small for 4 (2 kids, 2 adults), but I suppose they were pretty standard for NYC. We found that the price was very reasonable for the location. 
1126 Everything was very clean. Staff was very personable and helpful. Free coffee in the lobby every morning. 
1127 Outstanding Service from Intercontinetal staff, Christian and Sergio was great , I will recomend this hotel only for the service from the employers and five stars the price was great.. keep the good working. 
1128 We have stayed here many times over the years. We kept going back since it is a solid hotel in NYC - clean rooms, good service, great location, breakfast and fitness room. 
1129 What can I say...it's a Hilton and you know what to expect! The hotel is perfectly located to walk to Central Park, Radio City Music Hall, and Times Square! Hotel room was clean and comfortable. 
1130 1) Great location... close to Times Square and Subway 2) Comfortable room, with good space for NY standards 3) Bathroom pretty small but very clean 4) They charge a fee for the gym and internet 5) Staff was helpful 6) Small fridge 
1131 We had two double rooms for a girls weekend. The location was great for us, nice emoyees and reasonably priced. Rooms were very clean, comfortable and the hotel was very quiet. Nice bar with outdoor seating. I'd definitely stay here again. 
1132 Simply a great place to stay for many reasons! very contemporary, decent price, right next to time square. Enough said? 
1133 You cant find a freindlier group of people and oh so helpfull .rooms are great and so clean 
1134 The Warwick, New York was beautiful top to bottom. Beautiful suite, remodeled dining room, attentive friendly staff, great mid-town location. A great experience. 
1135 simpel hotel. Personeel wisselend van erg onvriendelijk tot vriendelijk. Bed erg klein denk 1.20cm met piepklein lakentje en dekentje. Eigenlijk niet geschikt voor 2 pers.Verwarming maakt veel herrie.Ook wanneer hij uit is. 
1136 Stayed at the Soho Grand for 3 nights. Very nice lobby and bar area. The rooms were very clean and very small. Overall I liked the hotel but it is overpriced. 
1137 good stay ....was only there for a day...convienient to the airport ..... lobby bar was nice...great hotel if your there for a quick stay 
1138 I loved having everything close it felt great enjoying the weather and being able to walk to beach, Michigan Avenue!! :) The hotel was great decision to celebrate my birthday at!! Have to do it again!! 
1139 Hotel pulito Che mantieme le promesse Dalla pagina web. Letti e comodi da segnalare la posizione centralissima vicino a Time Square. 
1140 Un hotel veramente delizioso nel cuore di Mannathan di fronte all'Empire State building. Il personale cortese e disponibile. Le stanze grandi e molto pulite. La hall particolare e molto accogliente. Un piccolo gioiellino. Abbiamo trascorso una luna di miele indimenticabile. 
1141 Quiero decir que fue un placer quedarme en el hqotel y tener una recepcionista tan buena como drita que nos ayudo con todo lo que le pedimos y el hotel es algo impecable con una ubicacion increible no se puede pedir mas de este hotel 
1142 I stayed at the hotel this week and had a great experience. The service was good and I would definitely return. 
1143 Overlooking Central Park, with closets and chests of drawers, a large bath and shower, gigantic room with couch and easy chair in the middle of the action for no more than all the fanciest of the fanciest....and a lot more value! Back in a flash! 
1144 My wife and I are seniors and it was our first trip to New York, we stayed at The Dream Hotel, our experience was a wonderful surprise, great rooms, wonderful service, helpful staff, and close to everything, we would stay there again without hesitation. 
1145 After having read the reviews of the Iroquois I decided to give it a try. The room was comfortable, the linens top-of-the line and the afternoon iced-tea a lovely extra touch. But it was the service of the staff that made this stay exceptional. I will definitely visit again. 
1146 we had a large group of rooms reserved for our group...approx 20 rooms. Two different rooms on the 2nd floor and the 3rd found cockroaches !! staff was very apologetic. offered free breakfast! 
1147 was staying there during "Sandy"....unfortunately could not stay as long as I wanted due to "Sandy" but enjoyed every minute. Very nice and roomy room. Breakfast room with a sperb view and the staff is really helpful. One of the best I ever stayed in in NY. 
1148 We stayed in Hampton Inn for 2 night - as we had tickets to "The Book of Mormons". Hilarious show, very nice hotel. 
1149 really enjoyed the Novotel, was big , view of broadway from the room. staff very helpful. rooms were clean. 3 of us in the room ,so i slept on the sleeper couch and was very comfortable. bathroom facilities average. 
1150 very close to bush airport, van service is reliable, staff is friendley, nice breakfast, close to small shopping center, computer room, I wished the van service picked up later than 12am for late night arrivals at the airport, 
1151 Stayed overnight because of a job fair in the hotel. Room was fantastic. Everything was found in its place and was so neat and clean. Right on Times Square so had a view of the lights at night. Near all Broadway shows and restaurants. 
1152 WOW, what an amazing hotel. This is one of my all time favorite hotels. The rooms are out of this world, the staff friendly and cater to all your needs. From the moment you arrive you are treated like royalty. I would go back to this hotel tomorrow. Xxxx 
1153 A definite luxury hotel to stay at. in Times Square. I would 100% would recommend this hotel if you want a great experience. The atmosphere was outstanding, and the location was perfect. 
1154 Rooms small, noisy, elevators small and worst of all, my daughter develop a rash on arms, shoulders, back and stomach. We thought bed bugs, still don't know what it was, but will never stay at this hotel again nor any from the Ascend. 
1155 We were on the 10th floor of this hotel. It was nice but the decor of the hotel throughout was a bit too modern for my own taste. It was in a good location though and within walking distance to many sights. 
1156 The Algonquin Hotel was the quintissential experience: service, friendliness, room ambiance, delicious breakfast. The room was lovely. The bathroom was weel-supplied, had a great shower, and was eco-friendly. We would return there in a heartbeat!! 
1157 Amina Blacksher, the Concierge, really made the our stay memorable. 
1158 Enyoed my stay, great location and free terminals to use the internet. Coffee and bagel for breakfast. Great 
1159 Ok...we stay here a lot. Love the location and like the friendly staff. It's a bit on the expensive side, but then you can walk around the neighborhood and find some good eats, far less expensive than staying down by Michigan Avenue. 
1160 A good, clean room at a reasonable price, but the complimentary breakfast was disappointing (and the area cramped), the parking was convenient but expensive, and the location was not convenient (unless you are going to Wrigley Field). 
1161 I have stayed here many times and always find this hotel one of the gems of New York. The location is fantastic, the rooms are nice and well-priced and the hotel staff is super friendly. Plus, you are staying in a real neighborhood. 
1162 Excellent value and a great location. Staff are warm and helpful. My 4th time staying here! 
1163 This is not flashy and perhaps only slightly tired, but a real value though on line sites. The lcoation is super convenient and get a room without a park view, you will have the quiet you seek. Fifth stay in five years, never had a problem. 
1164 I have stayed at several motels in the timesquare area. Although the motel may be showing its age in a few spots, this is a very nice upscale NYC motel and the staff is very friendly. Could not get a better location for timesquare or for shows. 
1165 Despite the fact that there was some problem with our reservation, everything was fine and the location is excellent. Thanks 
1166 Gut gelegen, ruhig, ausgezeichnetes Restaurant, einfach mit U-Bahn zu erreichen, interessante Umgebung in Fussdistanz 
1167 We loved our stay here! Great location, great views, and spacious rooms. Highly recommended! 
1168 With its wonderful location off Central Park, this very traditionally elegant hotel has a lot to offer. Be careful about room selection, the variation is greater than most hotels. Staff is efficient if slightly stiff. Pricey but probably worth it. 
1169 Spacious & comfortable accommodations, great staff. Feels more like a home than a hotel. We've been here 3 times, and will return. 
1170 Great place, great staff (Gerard in security was especially gracious and helpful). Room on the lower floor facing off-street was too dark. I'll come again and be sure to book sunlit room). 
1171 Hotel is extremely well located, just 2 mins walk from Times Square. Excellent service, great advices from concierge. I got a room on 4th floor: nice spacious room and great view. Just a pity that internet is not free (no wifi). Overall, highly recommended! 
1172 I left my cell phone in my room while at dinner & a play. The next morning I realized my phone was missing. I spent an hour filing a report with a Security Officer. It has now been 8 months & I've heard nothing from the hotel. 
1173 The hotel was very modern, updated, clean. Our room was spacious with a huge bathroom. We were very pleased with the accomodations. 
1174 we had bad experience in this hotel , and we do not recommend it , service is average , broken fridge all stay ,bad area ,bad view, bad management ,finally and most important they cheated us on the final bill , never to use it again 
1175 Nice hotel, friendly staff. Parking at the hotel is a little pricey considering practically all your shopping is within walking distance. 
1176 For $139 in Chelsea in a weekend it's hard to complain but Starwood needs to put a little love back into this spot. Worn furniture, surfaces, hallways, lobby to name a few. Staff has always been just friendly enough but still NYC short. Location is amazing. 
1177 What a terrible hotel. Old, shabby rooms, dead service and ambiance. Priced like a mid price hotel, but everything else is like a shabby student dive. Only good point is the location. 
1178 Friendly staff, clean rooms, noisy aircondition, but worst of all the traffic noise from I10. The fitness centre can hardly be called a fitness centre. 
1179 The hotel is in great location .Room was ok for the size for one person 
1180 My only complaint was the front desk people was rude and not all there 
1181 Perfect Location. Clean Rooms. Upgrade to Park view room with SPG Gold status. Very low last minute rate on spg.com. Room Service Quick. Excellent TV. Fantastic front desk staff (huge bonus) Only downside were the archaic hairdryer (pack your own) and no bathrobe. Will chose this hotel again. 
1182 Hotel Tribeca (hilton garden inn) ligt zeer centraal in Zuid-Manhattan. Kwartiertje lopen naar Ground Zero en Wall Street. Vlakbij Chinatown, Soho en Tribeca. Leuke restaurantjes en ontbijtgelegenheden om de hoek. Metro ingang naast het hotel en zo gemakkelijk naar Brooklyn (leuk!) en 42 street. Het kon eigenlijk niet beter! 
1183 The staff at the reception desk was not friendly, and did not smile, welcome me, or give me any real eye contact. The rooms were plain and very common. I expected bettter, unfortunetly, I would not return. 
1184 Great location. Room was nice and clean. Front desk were not particularly helpful or pleasant. Maybe just having a bad day. 
1185 Great modern room, reminiscent of W Hotels in feel. On the smallish side, but a great alternative to the other hotels in the area. If you're able to book this hotel for ~$150 consider it a good deal. 
1186 Stayed just last week at this property. Three blocks from the 42nd st subway station. Clean rooms, nice staff, great location and priced will. I would definitely stay here again, 
1187 The staff here was excellent--friendly and helpful. The rooms are nicely decorated and the beds are heaven. Breakfast was an assortment of cold and hot fare, something for everyone; we went early (7:30 am) to beat the crowd. I would stay here again. 
1188 Amazing hotel. Very posh and pricey but in a wonderful place with brilliant views of times square. 
1189 Amazing location, friendly staff, biggest pancakes ever! My first time in new was all I hoped for and more Note - the natives call English tea " black tea" and do try the cafe over the road for breakfast - proper New York experience 
1190 Simply excellent. Great room, perfect location and excellent service. The staff bends over backwards to accomodate their guests. 
1191 Found this hotel to be an excellent location but in complete need of a refurbishment and a good clean. For the price paid, there are much better Manhattan hotels. 
1192 Classy hotel. Great New York experience. We have stayed here before. Like most NY hotels rates change. If you can get a good rate the hotel is a bargain,but sometimes it can be really pricey and you might want to look at comparables. 
1193 I really liked this hotel for a quick trip. Small room but clean and comfortable. Got a great rate and great location. Staff friendly and professional. 
1194 Really enjoyed this hotel. Location is perfect. Just a block off of Michigan Ave. Close to dining and shopping. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Nice bar attached with a good atmosphere for a quick drink. Would not hesitate to stay again. 
1195 Stayed one week at the Beacon--no complaints. Room was larger than expected and everything was in good condition. We faced Broadway on an upper floor-it was quiet. Kitchen was good for breakfast and snacks. Full meal preparation for family of four would have been a challenge. 
1196 We had a wonderful stay, the service was fabulous and our room was extraordinary. Our visit was almost perfect. Check-in was a little hectic but the W hotel made up for it with our gorgeous room and complimentary drinks. 
1197 This hotel is wonderful. The staff is attentive and helpful. The location is great. There are cafes, bars, and restaurants everywhere, with a Treasure Island grocery well within walking distance. We will stay at this hotel whenever we are in Chicago. 
1198 Great stay, the location is great. Stayed with a free night and was given a nice room. Stafdf very helpful and friendly. Concierge was a little disppointing when compared to DC amenities, free drinks and more variety with the appetizers. Overall a very enjoyable stay. 
1199 When I arrived at the hotel the staff were very friendly and helpful got us checked in straight away. Our room was so relaxing and had a great view, the shower was out of this world!!! Definitely staying here again on my next trip!!! oh and the food was amazing! 
1200 Big, spacious rooms. Friendly, helpful staff. Free breakfast. Good location but no views. In a quieter street compared to some. 
1201 Fourth year staying at the Affinia, and they never disappoint! The staff is friendly and attentive, the new decor is gorgeous, and I plan to stay here in the future. Thanks for a great weekend, Affinia! 
1202 We stayed here during a business trip, the location was great for shopping and getting around. The hotel was clean and modern. We never had any issues. It was reasonable at the time but it really depends on the date. 
1203 The St. Regis NYC is perfect. Comfortable rooms, great service, great dining options and a great bar (that is home to the first bloody mary). 
1204 Here for a conference and given Classic King room with partial view of lake and facing park, so break in buildings means great views. Rooms 2113-2118 (or higher floors) all facing right direction. Fridge, safe, upgraded fixtures all nice and pool on top floor, oh yeah. 
1205 Issues with room service (wine orderered by the glass on room service menu was actually only available at the bar); air conditioning would not shut off (error message on AC control); room overall shabby (eg, peeling wall paper, etc). 
1206 Really enjoyed my first stay here a few months ago, and went back again this past month. Glad to report that nothing has changed. Still clean, friendly, and well-priced. Looking forward to returning! 
1207 The room (2 qns) was very large and comfortable. The shower was amazing and we couldn't have asked for nicer service. The elevators were kinda quirky. You enter the floor you want to go to and an elevator shows up to take you there. 
1208 This hotel is very well located and close to everywhere. Clean rooms, friendly staff, and a nice lounge area with bar service makes it a great choice in Manhattan. Starbucks, Central Park, restaurants and subway stations right next door is also a plus. 
1209 The 414 Hotel is located in a super spot. Right on restaurant row. Easy walking to many good restaurants. Subway access is close. Street is a nice neighborhood and reasonably quiet. Staff are friendly, helpful. Breakfast offering is enough to get you going. 
1210 Muy amables todos los que trabajan en el hotel, y muy centrico., 
1211 a little hard to find the entranc e, but good location, clean large nice room. We go to this area a lot and will go back. 
1212 Last minute trip to NYC over thanksgiving weekend. Friendly staff, large room, quiet and clean. It's a do over. 
1213 Me and my son stayed 3 nights, The rooms were a little small but very clean and really comfy beds. The location was wonderful. The staff was super nice and had great suggestions on what to do in town. The pool was clean and very relaxing. 
1214 Just returned from celebrating my daughters 21st. This hotel is in Midtown.Great Location.Clean ,comfy beds after 16 hour days. Staff very friendly.Have your breakfast in the Tick Tock Diner next door.The servings are huge so be warned............ value for money all round. 
1215 Even though we did not spend much time at our room, we enjoyed every minute that we DID spend there! Much space (we had a suite), with nice furnitures. The room was clean! A trendy, but still quiet and classic hotel. With a PERFECT location! 
1216 Every attempt made to make our stay a very pleasant experience. Encountered a few errors In our stay that were handled quickly and professionally. Wonderful location with amazing views. 
1217 We have stayed here twice before and will book again in October. Friends live 20 minutes drive away but hotels near them are not as good as this hotel. Its worth the drive. Have not been to breakfast, only to pick up some bagels, we always go out to eat. 
1218 the location is great, just off the north michigan ave. But the room is old. 
1219 Location of hotel is Great. Staff is very friendly. Rooms are the tiniest I have ever seen, plus the noise from the street is loud. 
1220 We booked this suite hotel privately and were presently surprised. Terriffic location just blocks to the park and one block from the Carnegie Deli. There is a small kitchen with microwave and fridge. Well equipped fitness room and nice continental breakfast. Best of all the price!! 
1221 Stayed here for 1 night (had a 1 king bed 2 room suite) for our wedding night, loved it, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom was really pretty, would recommend it ! 
1222 Nice, contemporary decor, pleasant staff. Great convenient location. FYI- walls are thin and plumbing is loud. Pool on 40th floor was not heated when we went. 
1223 Nous avons reserve une semaine en juin 2007 dans cet hotel; Il est de tres bonne qualite et tres pres de la station de metro. Un tres bon rapport qualite prix; vraiment a conseiller. Personnel tres sympathique. Possibilite de dejeuner dans le quartier; 
1224 Nice hotel for a good price but local restaurant kind of overpriced. 
1225 Rooms were incredibly small (European small), there was a disturbing wet spot on the floor outside my bathroom, the carpet smelled like dirty feet and the staff needed a serious attitude adjustment! Plus, the pitch for their roof-top bar was over-rated. Minimal drink selection 
1226 We loved our stay here. Great venue!!! Looking forward to revisiting! 
1227 Stayed here for the location. Which is very good. Overall the hotel rooms were noisy and the heaters would not turn off which made it very uncomfortable. The floor in the hallway and bathroom was very slippery and unsafe. 
1228 staff were friendly and welcoming and hotel was in perfect location for us. There is subway very close and a great selection of bars and restaurants within walking distance in a very safe area. 
1229 TRES BEL HOTEL, TRES BELLE CHAMBRE, UN SERVICE IMPECCABLE, DE BELLES PRESTATIONS, UN SERVICE CONCIERGERIE COMPETENT. LE SEUL BEMOL : LE PRIX DU PETIT DEJEUNER AU RESTAURANT. IL EST VRAIMENT EXAGERE COMPARE A L'OFFRE ALENTOUR. L'HOTEL EST TRES BIEN PLACE, A DEUX PAS DE TIMES SQUARE SANS LE BRUIT. 
1230 Prima verblijf gehad, alleen de klimaat-temperatuur verhouding in de kamers is niet goed. Veel te warm, droge lucht. De laatste nacht in een andere kamer geslapen met 2 ramen waardoor ik beter kon ventileren.. Dus als het te warm is, vraag gewoon een andere kamer! 
1231 I enjoyed our stay, the rooms big, we were in 6 th floor, newly renovated, the beds are clean, nedsheets smell good, no bugs , roaches or anything !! I would definitely stay again at this hotel 
1232 We stayed at the Crowne Plaza and it is so close to the every thing, the rooms were spacious and we had a club room and the lounge was great to head back and chill before heading back to your room. I would definately stay here again 
1233 This hotel is in a perfect location on the river and is very cool. Rooms are updated, beds are extremely comfortable. Very affordable for the area. Other hotels are almost twice as much! 
1234 had a fantastic stay at hemsley park lane, walked in to the room and couldn't beleive the amazing veiws over central park. stunning. the beds are super comfy and it was suprisingly quiet, freindly staff, great location, totally reccomended 
1235 Great location, nice rooms, friendly service. The Japanese food was superb! 
1236 Stayed here in June 2011...very nice hotel. The rooms are small but it's equipped with everything you need. It was clean and modern and the staff was excellent. It was right in the heart of everything! 
1237 Just stayed there from October, 4 to October, 9. Excellent location downtown, trendy and modern: staff very professional and friendly. Very nice room. Recommend to everyone: business, families, etc. Speciall commend the professionalism and simpathy of Jennifer Zelouf. Manuel Santos Vitor 
1238 I've stayed here a number of times on business and it's always been quite nice. The junior suites are great, if you can get upgraded, it's a nice perk. The restaurant is just ok, but certainly adequate. Love the lobby bar. Great locations by the PATH. 
1239 Our room was a box. My friend and I had a hard time moving around. The blue neon lights are very cheesy. Room was clean, but the toilet had some nasty debris floating in it. Great location. Friendly staff. Cool view of Times Square. 
1240 Needed to make an unplanned stop on our vacation, Hotel staff very nice and professional. Service great, clean rooms, overall very nice Hotel. Would recommend to anyone traveling thru Houston. Will stay there again if in town. 
1241 Walking distance from everywhere in Midtown, excellent service and comfortable quiet rooms. Great for couples or business people looking for a place to stay while in town. 
1242 Stupendi saloni ottimo personale buon servizio camere vecchie senza bidet senza cassaforte con impianto di riscaldamento mal funzionante letti per nani magri (meno male che la mia era una superior queen) Ubicazione strategica .Nel complesso necessita di un restauro integrale. 
1243 Very good location, just a few hundred meters from the Times Square with all its action. Nice personell and a great lobby. Nice room with a wonderful view over the city! Its 2 yrs since we stayed at the hotel, but we cant remember anything negative. We recommend it. 
1244 An excellent night at the Hitlon Garden. Convenient and close to everything. Rooms are very nice and welcoming. Starbucks in the lobby is a plus. Service is great. No complaints at all. We recommend the hotel.. Try priceline for a good rate. 
1245 De suites zijn ruim en comfortabel (deze hadden wij de eerste nacht). Daarna hadden we de ooorspronkelijk geplande eenvoudige kamer, we deelden een badkamer met twee andere kamers, maar je had wel zelf een wastafel. Was prima. 
1246 Tiny, tiny standard rooms. I therefore looked at the next sizes up but the the tiny standard had more charm. Wonderful design, expensive breakfast and great if you like living in a hotel with a busy nightclub. The info on the tv is not updated btw. 
1247 Stayed here over spring break. Most of the staff was average ... like customer service wasn't the goal, but they were nice enough get by. Room was clean, no complaints. Location is fantastic. Westheimer is *right there*. 
1248 Awful doesn't do it justice. Small, smelly rooms, nasty area. Never, ever, again... 
1249 Made a mistake on my booking and charged me the full rate without giving me a discounted rate for another night. Will never stay here again or at any other SPG hotel for that matter. 
1250 I've stayed at The Shoreham about eight or nine times, both before the 1999 expansion and after. I love the place... a visit to New York wouldn't be the same without a stay at The Shoreham. 
1251 We loved the location for some great eating and easy access to Central Park. Close to the subway made it very easy to get around this amazing city any time of the day and night. 
1252 Superbly located, very good, spacious rooms and service. loved the restaurant at the top and the lobby 
1253 I stayed here with my husband in Dec 2011. I liked the hotel for its location and cleanliness (room was small, but that's NYC). My husband wasn't as impressed as the elevators were too few and always busy. I'd stay again, but he wouldn't. 
1254 Beautiful hotel, clean and luxurious rooms. Staff was very helpful. We would definately stay here again. Location was close enough for us to walk to our dinner and the show. 
1255 just wanted to give this hotel and company a big thumbs up for there handling of our stay during the hurricane. The wen above and beyond to even having breakfast lunch and dinner catered in. The rooms are nice and overall it is a cool place. 
1256 Had a nice stay at this hotel, staff helpful and quite laid back for nyc. Food was allowed to be taken up to your room and US travellers cheques were cashed commission free although max $100 per room per day. 
1257 Rooms were a bit outdated, but they were clean and the hotel felt safe. Friendly staff downstairs. 
1258 Clean and well maintained. Friendly staff. Good price,adequate breakfast. I stayed 13 nights on business, so the longer you stay the better the rate. Shuttle service is convenient. A/C is a little loud when cycling. Overall a good experience. 
1259 Great location, and a really neat little [single] room. Nicely furnished throughout. Turn left and you've got a great choice of restaurants and stores; turn right and you're on Times Square within a minute. Can't wait to stay here next time (in a double room). 
1260 Goed hotel en centraal gelegen hotel in York. Dichtbij metro stations. Uitstekende service en vriendelijk personeel. De kamers zijn goed maar vrij eenvoudig en je hebt in de kamers geen last van het lawaai op Times Square. Vanuit het restaurant heb je een prachtig uitzicht op Times Square. 
1261 This hotel is consistently great! Never let us down. Security is tight - which makes the whole stay enjoyable. Furnishings are in great shape - bathroom clean - would recommend over and over again. 
1262 Ideally located in Herald Square in Midtown, Near EVERYTHING e.g. Penn Stations, Times Square, Empire State. Rooms are very comformtable but the most outstanding part is the Hotel Staff. They are always pleasant and helpful. Great place to stay in NY 
1263 location is perfect within walking distance of the galleria. booked the hotel through priceline so the price was unreal (note, i have no idea real price). hotel had a boutique hotel feel. very good vibe! check out the argentina cafe across the street for nice breakfast. 
1264 Beautiful hotel. Large room (for New York) Friendly staff, wine tasting in the evening was a bonus!! Great location, hotel booked through cityandshow.com who gave superb customer service with decent local knowledge, enabling us to plan and visit most attractions we wanted to in the week we were there. 
1265 Finding an affordable hotel {that isn't roach infested} is not an easy feat. Holiday Inn popped up on Hotwire and was cheaper than a friend's employee discount at Starwood Resorts. Location is great, rooms are remodeled and clean but of course they are small. That is my only complaint. 
1266 I had a great experience at the Millennium Hotel. The location was perfect. The staff was very pleasant and even upgraded us. Our room was ready when we arrived and we got there at 11:00 a.m.! The room was spacious and clean. I would definitely stay at this hotel again! 
1267 All features and amenities 0f the hotel were quite satisfactory with the single exception of the shuttle service. We waited 75 minutes after contacting the hotel [twice] and both promised a pickup in several minutes. Unfortunately, it will lead to a review for future stays, particularly at this location. 
1268 This hotel is older but it's a GREAT place to stay ! The door men are great ! Security checks your hotel card to get to the rooms, most of the people at rhr desk are there for you , we've stayed there 11 times and won't go anywhere else! 
1269 Spent 29JUN-03JUL in NYC at Westin, doormen, front desk, housekeeping were all really great. Lounge service at Bar 10 was TERRIBLE! Brutally slow service. 
1270 Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, from the door to check in to retaurant/bar. Very positive experience. Room was clean, up to date, comfortable. Staff was energetic and responsive. The concierge TK was welcoming and helpful. The hotel deserves its high ranking. 
1271 The rooms at this hotel were immaculate and the location was excellent. Every staff member was friendly and helpful. The room price including breakfast for mid-town is a real bargain. Will come back to this hotel again! 
1272 I was very happy with the stay from booking to departure. The location is easy to get to and while there you can forget that you're in the middle of the city. I really appreicated it. I would stay in the hotel again if given the opportunity. 
1273 Booked a room a month in a advance with two double beds. Once we got there they said they only had rooms with king beds left and all they could say was "sorry." What's the point of a reservation? 
1274 Classic hotel, in a great location close to Grand Central. Was able to get a great deal through Hotwire. I was pleasantly surprised to see that my allotted room was large and spacious, quite unlike most NY hotels. 
1275 My husband and I recently stayed at Park Central New York. Our Bellman, Carmelo was outstanding! From luggage care and delivery to arranging transportation for us. If you visit that hotel, make sure you ask for Carmelo! He is one of their BEST employees! 
1276 sehr zentrale Lage fuer Erkundung der Stadt zu Fuss. Unfreundlicher Empfang, die Mitarbeiter schauen nur auf Ihren PC und bedienen dabei ohne den Kunden anzuschauen. Sehr guter Zimmerservice, Zimmermeist nur an einem Lichtschacht, aber dadurch ruhig. 
1277 This hotel is in a great location in Midtown and great value for money. The self parking is conveniently located directly across the road. Even with this additional cost, the Hilton Garden Inn was competitive. Clean, comfortable rooms, free wifi, a perfect homebase from which to explore NYC. 
1278 Fantastic hotel and service. The location was great - next to all the great attractions in the city. The rooms were excellent and comfortable. A bit disappointed that parking is over 70 dollars a night and had to find other parking options. But aside from that everything else was excellent. 
1279 The Flatotel was very clean with nice comfy beds. The rooms were spacious but simple.It was centrally located without being on a super busy street- short walk to Times Square- Lincoln Center and Central Park. 
1280 Stayed 2 nites in February - great french resturant - Madison bistro accross the street Room - nice clean and comfortable - i enjoy going down for breakfast at Asia De Cuba nice staff 
1281 good location Lynne V - from Chicago 
1282 Perfect.. located at the airport, paid 70 USD for a night. Got the suit annexe... With a bathroom n tv... Slept well without any stress of missing the flight... Amazing.. Recommend to travellors in transit with no time for jet lag... 
1283 Ich glaube, fuer den Preis bekommt man kein besseres Hotel. Es ist super gelegen, nah am Central Park. Eine U-Bahn Station befindet sich direkt neben der Tuer, zwei Stationen vom Time Square entfernt. Leider sind die Zimmer auf der Rueckseite des Hotels sehr dunkel, man schaut auf eine Wand. 
1284 Ha sido una estancia agradable, y una ubicacion inmejorable. 
1285 thought it was a very up market hotel friendly people and excellent views, although make sure you get a good room because the lower market rooms are so standard, and u get a 40" samsung lcd in every room which is gd lol 
1286 Hotel is in a great position for Central Park, Hell's Kitchen & the underground. Lots of Starbucks all round the hotel ideal for breakfast or afternoon coffee. Wifi actually worked well in the room. Hotel itself is a bit worn but is about to undergo a refurb. No real complaints. 
1287 Stayed there for 9 nights. Prime location: very near to many attractions and very close to most subway lines. Beautiful rooms. Excellent service. Fast wireless internet. Fitness club. Very good restaurant and great bar. Stay on one of the concierge floor and get access to the lounge. 
1288 The hotel is in a great location, close to the parks and close to the shopping. The rooms are very comfortable and clean. Service is also very good. I would recommend this hotel for business and pleasure. 
1289 Extra spacious rooms; quality bedding and linens; sparkling clean bathrooms; friendly & helpful staff and great location in an Eastside neighborhood full of super restaurants, and convenient to the subway. We have been back three years in a row & will return again next year. 
1290 Location and staff are the best parts of this place. Rooms are small, but their housekeeping is decent. Under $120 a night, I still think it's worth it. 
1291 This hotel was very clean, spacious and the view of NYC was excellent. The staff went above and beyond our expectations. It is within safe walking distance to everything you could want or need. Five stars from us!!!! 
1292 Great breakfast spot and burger spot. Nice room overlooking the park. 
1293 I was visiting for a conference. Service was great and rooms were fantastic. I am a regular of peninsula and 4 seasons and i was really impressed. SPA needs improvement with more space and luxury but otherwise great experience. I will be back! 
1294 I have stayed at Crestwood Suites at least 1 week a month every month or so for the past 18 months. The service is very good and I am always very satisfied with the rooms. I recommend this hotel for the frequent business traveler. 
1295 Room inside was safe, clean and bed was very comfortable. Only a few eating places around hotel if you are on foot. Of course much better if you have transportation. The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly. Free Shuttle to hospitals, but not to convention center or airports. 
1296 Really great hotel! Excellent location, nice staff, and very clean! Would stay here again! Thought that it might be noisy because of Times Square, however the light and noise is completely blocked out at night with the curtains closed. Stay here! 
1297 Nice, clean rooms right in the middle of Chelsea. Great location. Rooms were typical size for NYC, everything was clean and free wifi was a plus. Great place to stay 
1298 Hotel with excelent location, new but very small rooms. Ideal for leisure trips, only to sleep. A little noise you'll hear.. Good value vs money. I recommend rooms with private bathroom! 
1299 thank so much very clean, friendly, good service,only one things that will make it 100% more choice on breakfast, other than that, best place to stay.....thank you thank you 
1300 Great services from Benny in the Gingers restaurant. adjacent to N-R 49th St subway, Palace Theatre, across the street from TKTS booth great view of Times Sq from the room, spacious and comfortable 
1301 ho trovato un offerta per una notte all crowne,per una sola notte a marzo 2012.hotel molto molto bello.hall molto bella.hotel molto pulito.camera spaziosa(2 letti separati)centralissimo.dentro manhattan!!!ho avuto un piano alto(32)e la vista era spettacolare,anche se non era su time square.molto carina la palestra.connessione wi five a pagamento. 
1302 Okay, let me just say my husband and I stayed at the Tremont during Christmas. We had a great experience, will DEFINITELY be back very soon. Not sure what some of the negative reviews mean.....please do not base your decision on the negativity of some people. 
1303 Thanks to other reviews, I steered away from some hotels and chose this one. Great choice! Small, clean room, comfy bed with very nice linens, awesome bathroom with fabulous shower and Aveda toiletries. Reserve online and save! 
1304 My Fiance and I recently stayed for 2 nights, 3 days. The location is convenient to sights and good restaurants. The entire staff was friendly and very helpful, the room was very clean. I would and will recommend this hotel and will definitely be back. 
1305 The front desk staff is always very friendly as are the room service staff and bellpeople. I love staying at the Westin Times Square because it makes me feel at home in the middle of the greatest city on earth! Thanks for that! 
1306 one block to Magnificent mile, only the hotel itself is not so magnificent. location,view all very impressive decoration,exterior not so much so i guess 4 out of 5 is fair oh wait, the internet? 5 out of 5 sucks. 
1307 I have stayed in every hotel in New York and the London NYC is by far the best hotel!!! The staff is super friendly and beyond helpful. The rooms are amazing for the money - extremely large and always clean! 
1308 My second time in NYC. Traveling alone for a business conference. Great location to be in the action with the city. Good place for a business conference. Quiet, comfortable, and clean room to go to at end of day. 
1309 The hotel has nice and clean rooms and a contemporary layout. The lounge on the 5th floor is pretty inviting too. 
1310 Just a quick note not to stay at this hotel! Overpriced, small rooms, and extremely poor service! Save your money and stay somewhere else! 
1311 Privacy yes! This hotel is a very quite hotel, nice atrium and restaurant had a pretty good food. The month that we stayed actually Feb 2010 i.o April 2010. 
1312 just returned from a trip to New york on July 4th 
1313 the hotel staff where nice the roon where OK plus and it's always about location location location and this hotel is 5 minutes from everything. 
1314 This was our fifth stay at On the Ave NYC and this time we found all services much improved and Angie, the manager was extremely helpful.The new general manger, Marav Segav had made changes that were noticeable to frequent visitors. We greatly appreicated all the new changes. 
1315 First time in NYC in April. Booked this hotel after reading reviews on this site. I wasn't disappointed. Excellent hotel, breakfast very good. Bedrooms great. We were in a back room, didn't have a great view but the it was very quiet. Can't wait to return. 
1316 Fun futuristic hotel, really for younger people. very clean and close to time square. 
1317 This hotel is awesome! Great service, friendly staff, and perfect location. Very clean rooms. This was my second time staying at The W at it met all my expectations! We had a super time in the Big Apple! Can't wait to return again!! 
1318 I stayed there one night for a business trip. It was a very nice short stay. I love the decore of the place. Very expensive, but worth the cash. 
1319 hotel was nics, very good, clean, save, quite, comfortable bed, helpful front disk, small rooms and price expensive but its ok for nyc i highly recommend it and will stay there again. 
1320 Our first visit to the Lowell was a great success. Service, accommodation and location all met our expectations. We shall return ! 
1321 Nice place and good location. Very quiet and professional staff. We will definitely stay here again 
1322 very old. Everything seemed old. rooms are tiny. And did i say old. clean but old. no problems with service. 
1323 Excellent excellent will definitely stay here again Staff were very helpful room spoless and spacious Times square at our doorstep recommended highly Security superb Restaurant better than most in the square 
1324 I booked a last minute deal here. Fantastic area near public txpt, lots of museums shopping and restaurants nearby. The room is large and clean. Basic accommodations overall, but a bang for the buck. If you're looking for a boutique this place is not for you. 
1325 The best view from the roof top while enjoying drinks and the company of friends. The overall stay in the hotell was excellent 
1326 Great hotel, lovely staff, rooms were beautiful and the loation couldn't be better! 
1327 Great, Modern, Good service, Great location, Very clean 
1328 We spent 11 nights here and couldn't fault it at all. Really clean, comfortable and quiet. 
1329 Stayed here to catch an early flight. Upgraded to a suite which was nice. TINY bathroom and lots of activity in the hotel from a wedding or a conference of some type. Would stay here again. 
1330 We held the British School of Houston Christmas Party for parents and staff here. It was a great evening. Everything went smoothly, the food was even better than expected and we had no complaints. Thanks to the team - you did a great job! 
1331 Nice boutique hotel. Convenient location. Good service. Updated and nicely decorated. Very comfortable room and bed. Comfy little sitting area in the room. 
1332 We loved the hotel. Everything related to our stay was perfect. The hotel employees were all very friendly. The room was huge (had 2 King beds) and the bathroom had a walk in closet! 
1333 Great location, on the border of Soho & Tribeca. Close to lots of great shops and restaurants. VERY SLOW elevators! 
1334 Enjoyed great views of Times Square and the Empire State Building from our tastefully decorated corner room on the 32nd floor. It was a wonderful experience which was not really marred by the ongoing reconstruction work and the non-existent lobby. 
1335 What a great hotel! This i know probally isnt a true great hotel, but knowing its location and proximitiy to things and also the added attraction of breakfast on the Concierge was very nice! I would come back to this hotel! 
1336 We had a tremendous stay at the Hampton Inn, Empire State Building. Every staff member we encountered went out of their way to make our stay memorable and pleasant. The room was spacious and spotless. The breakfast was amazing! Perfect location. Our new go-to NYC Hotel! 
1337 Great Hotel, friendly staff. Excellent location, just off Broadway. Rooms were clean and newly decorated. Would definitely stay again. Great Diners and Coffee Shops within a couple of minutes walk. 
1338 small but prefectly formed! An excellent crash pad! 
1339 de afgelopen 10 jaar pleeg ik mijn verjaardag(24/1) in NY te vieren.Heb altijd in hotels vertoefd.In vergelijking tot de hotels uit het verleden(the Marquise,Edison,Milfordplaza,laat the Belvedere in zijn omgeving een zeer prettig gevoel achter ,volgend jaar beslist weer! 
1340 great location...was there end of aug-1st week in sept....ask fr a corner room...very large...2 queen beds!!!! very clean rooms...and accommodating staff....convenient and good restaurant adjoining hotel--the barking dog!!!! very pleasnat overall experience!!!! 
1341 The location of the Belvedere allowed for great access to all major attractions and venues, most were within walking distance. Many local eateries were located on the same block, offering a wide variety of options for dining. 
1342 great hotel for a few days stay to explore new york. fantastic location on the upper west side close to natural history museum and central park 
1343 My granddaughters and had a great experience here! Lovely setting..."like someone's backyard"...very helpful friendly staff, good service, good breakfast, nice tea/coffee/cocoa availability, big rooms--an overall excellent experience. I will definitely stay here again. 
1344 Stayed here 5 night in a bunk bed room with shared facilities and loved it! Clean, friendly staff, great roof terrace, great location and nice breakfast options (not included in the room). Would stay here again! 
1345 Very nice for a "select service" Courtyard. The front desk associates could have been a little more friendly. Their phone ettiquette is very poor, but the hotel is nice. It serves its purpose. 
1346 Staff was ignorant, the room I had was tidy and messy, bathroom was a joke ... It was hot in the common rooms. It's rather far from metro station. The only good thing that I can recall is that I stayed for one night and not more ... 
1347 Ambassador suite is sooooooo big, I wish my NyC apt, was this size. We love it. elegant and old fashion. And the roof is so nice and relaxing. 
1348 All around a nice hotel. Only below average service i received was from concierge. 
1349 The hotel is quite old, the elevator is small and narrow, facilities are just so so, however, it really has a perfect location! Walking distance to Michigan Ave and Navy Pier. There Arevsome fancy restaurants very nearby. 
1350 A friend and I stayed here for our first trip to NYC. We had a great experience. No difficulties and staff was very polite and helpful. Convenient location and would return! 
1351 Para mim um dos melhores entre tantos hoteis em New York.Muito seguro,limpo, funcionarios educados, localizacao explendida. Vista previlegiada para o Times Square.Cafe da manha muito bom, embora um pouco caro. 
1352 in the heart of trendy chelsea, only a block away from a subway station, the gem is a small and charming hotel. the rooms are small, but comfortable. good shower and cozy bed. the staff is nice and helpful. and the location is really really good! 
1353 Very polite staff. We got an upgrade and the room was amazing. The breakfast could have been a bit better but other than that I would recommend Morgans to everyone!!!! 
1354 Stayed for 6 nites in Feb 2003. Freezing weather and 24 inches of snow! Staff helpful and friendly. Room small but suited me. Everything very clean and tidy. Was unsure of the 'shared' facilities (bathroom) but was pleasantly surprised - always kept clean. Great stay. 
1355 I have been here twice and really enjoy this place. The rooms are simple, clean, and fresh looking with a spring green and white color palette. The staff was friendly and you can't beat the convenience of the location. 
1356 Much better service and less attitude than other "Hip" hotels in NYC. Good value for the money. Amazing beds. 
1357 This hotel even though it states that it is a Plush hotel left us disappointed. Nothing special about rooms. Our two bedroom suite had an awkward floor plan. For $800 a night you should at least get expeesso in your room. We got nothing. not worth the price. 
1358 This place has the best staff. The rooms are nice and well kept. The price is fair. There are places to eat within walking distance. A+ You can't go wrong here 
1359 Fantastic view of Empire State Building from room 604. Clean, spacious room with very comfortable bed, fridge and coffee maker. Perfect for our first trip to New York! 
1360 It's hot. It takes everything good about modern hotels and then throws in the most amazing bar on the roof. Great views, and straddling the high line gives another perspective on NYC. I would definitely stay again. Needs a sauna though - that would provide the European touch. 
1361 It's dirty, dark and in desperate need of maintenance. But on the other hand you wouldn't expect anything else from those rates at that location. The beds are ridiculously uncomfortable and the room is far from clean. Keep your expectations downs is probably my best advice... 
1362 Location was great, buy the hotel room was dirty, untidy and I got bitten by bed bugs. Would not stay here again 
1363 Purchased through online service, but would choose as one of the best hotels I have stayed at in Midtown. 
1364 Good hotel to stay in New York. A lot of good restaurants nearby. Rooms very large enough, especially compared to some other I have stayed in. Also price for NY was reasonable. 
1365 picture makes it seem special, but its pretty generic. one gripe: no curtains on the windows. had to rig up blankets on the windows in order to sleep in. 
1366 Great location for shopping and going to see plays. Staff helpful, room clean and felt very safe and comfortable. Empire State building right outside our window. 
1367 Nice Neighborhood. Good Price, Good Location. Very Small rooms and not in good condition, Former Columbia University Dorm. If you just want a cheap place to stay this is it. 
1368 I got this room on Priceline. it was excellent. Top notch service, very clean, and a location that can't be beat. 
1369 This hotel was reasonably close to Times Square and is a good choice for those on a budget. Staff were helpful and arranged a taxi to the airport. Rooms are small and bathrooms are shared but for the price it was ok. 
1370 Een zeer centraal gelegen, ietwat verouderd maar netjes en schoon hotel. Ruime kamers met zithoek en keuken. Niet veel faciliteiten, wel internet ( ook wifi) en kleine fitness ruimte. Hotel wordt momenteel gerenoveerd, momenteel geen restaurant Vriendelijk personeel. Prima prijs-kwaliteitsverhouding, wat ons betreft de volgende keer weer 
1371 This hotel is the perfect spot for any budget-conscious traveler, located in midtown, close to everything. Nice lounge downstairs. Friendly and helpful staff. Rooms are small, but who needs a big room, when you are in NY anyways. 
1372 Excelente lugar, muy buena atencion. El personal muy dedicado. El desayuno muy bueno, las habitaciones son comodas y grandes. Un lugar para volver. 
1373 Dont miss this place. Excelent!!!Great location. The concieriege was most helpful 
1374 You can walk every where. Close to subway 
1375 My wife and I stayed here in the 90's and I remembered it as being very nice. Well, time has taken it's toll on this property. The room was very dated and the Club lounge had very little to offer. 
1376 This hotel is IN Times Square. We had a Times Sq facing room and loved the view! Excellent location, service was ok. Elevator system is pretty efficient although the hotel was quite crowded when we stayed there. Would stay there again! 
1377 The room was terrible, dirty, totally diferent of ALL the pictures I saw in the internet, I couldn't Believe when the taxi stopped in front of that! The location was the only good thing on that! 
1378 We loved The Belvedere! Because of its location, we were able to walk to theaters, restaurants, Times Square, and the sightseeing bus terminal to pick up tickets. The hotel staff was extremely accommodating. We would stay there again for sure! 
1379 it was top of the line excellent room service. clean rooms good food nice attractions near the hotel. i reccommend anyone going to new york to stay there 
1380 This Homewood Suites is a favorite for me. The morning breakfast has been greatly improved. The rooms have been maintained and are clean. 
1381 Great hotel, staff was friendly. Rooms were adequate. The only feedback is they should have a fridge in the rooms. 
1382 This hotel is right next to Times Square, so great location, but it is very relaxed and quant inside. Excellent custormer service. Good breakfast. 
1383 Had a surprise during this wonderful weekend with a massage on the 8th floor - perfect relaxation. Enjoyed it immensely and the (steam) sauna will always be on the list of things to do. We just love this place ... Trish&Kenny 
1384 Had a wonderful experience at this hotel and have stayed there a couple of times! The staff is outstanding and the manager, Scott, was a dream to work with- excellent attitude, friendly, and extremely helpful! Perfect stay! 
1385 We stayed for one nite. The location in times square is very good and close to Penn Station. The hotel rooms, beds are high quality and very nice. Would definitely go back. 
1386 I found that the rooms were very clean and the housekeepers very nice ,met the execuitve house keeper who helped us with our suit cases ,very sweet girl, thank you vicki for a wonderful stay 
1387 The Westin Times Square is a great place to stay. It is clean, run well and well-designed. I do not mind the location, so I am happy to stay there. 
1388 O forte deste hotel eh sem duvida a sua localizacao. O servico deixa um pouco a desejar. Nao ha luxo mas para quem vai ficar a maior parte do dia fora do hotel, o quarto (com banheiro interno) eh razoavel. 
1389 More of a business hotel than a tourist one. We payed extra for a suite and when booking requested a room on a high floor, we were given one on the lowest (3rd) floor. Nice customer service I don't think. 
1390 El hotel esta bien, pero la comida y los desayunos, son caaaaaaros!!!!!! 
1391 The staff was wonderful. They helped make a special occasion incredibly memorable. 
1392 Great deal for Manhattan- $129 a night through Priceline by naming my price. Very nice lobby, great location, nice rooms. Large by NYC standards. Only complain was thin walls in the room- I could easily hear my neighbors' alarms, cell phones, etc. 
1393 Rude staff. Overpriced. For $500 per night no fridge no coffee maker ("call room service") no free Internet. Never ever ever coming back. Ever. I would rather be in a boutique hotel for $300 permit and take a train to this conference! 
1394 A pretty decent hotel in a brilliant location. Well placed for the subway and everything mid town. Rooms were well appointed and clean. Ideal for a city break. Reception and concierge very helpful and reliable. 
1395 Excellent location, exceptional staff - very friendly and accomodating. Clean and comfortable. 
1396 This hotel was not a mistake. The location is PERFECT. Rooms were clean, we got a free upgrade 
1397 I would recommend this hotel and stay here again. Rooms were clean and staff was etremely friendly. 
1398 I stayed here in Nov02 and it was everything I was looking for. Great location, great price and clean. I was travelling solo and the single rooms were not huge, but you dont go to NY to spend time in your hotel room. 
1399 Stayed here for 4 night and can not fault the hotel, staff are really helpful and friendly more then happy to help plan your time In New York !!!! 
1400 Better than average breakfast so get the bed & breakfast package if you can. Free wifi in the room. Comfortable beds, free self-parking, small but good gym, small but better than average pool. 
1401 We stayed at the Omni Berkshire one night for a wedding in NYC. Very nice room, comfortable bed, roomy bathroom with plenty of counter space, nice shower. Had lunch and breakfast - excellent food. Friendly, accommodating staff. Would definitely stay again. 
1402 Guests are so well treated, that you never want to leave. Courtesy and professionalism are cornerstones of this magnificent hotel. 
1403 Dit hotel ligt pal bij een belangrijk metro station in hartje Manhattan. Dit gegeven, alsmede het feit dat het een zeer Amerikaans, geheel in jaren '30 stijl ingericht hotel is, maakt het tot een praktische en karakteristieke keuze. 
1404 great location , nice rates compared to some of the other hotels near by. The rooms were a little small but clean 
1405 Would stay again ! 
1406 I enjoy the comfortable rooms and beds, the great service, and a quiet night's sleep. Great access to restaurants and shopping as well as NYU. 
1407 Overall good stay. Hotel was clean and staff was friendly and helpfiul. Rooms are a little small, but typical for the age of the hotel. I would recommend then hotel. 
1408 Great hotel in the middle of meatpacking. Loved the location and the food. Can really recomend the breakfast. 
1409 My family have been staying at the Warwick Hotel in New York City for years. The lobby is rather small, but the staff is great. The rooms are lovely, clean, nice amenities. Very comfortable bedding. Can't say enough about the hotel. We would recommend it to anyone. 
1410 When I stayed under-reconstruction. I think renewal will be much better! 
1411 we would recommend your hotel and we will definitely return. Cindy and Steve Lyons. Both Clancy and Valerie were especially helpful as well as Natalie at the spa. 
1412 Very well located with comfy bed. Staff very friendly and the breakfast was very good. Would recommend this hotel to anybody. 
1413 great hotel in a great location - can walk to many things and very quick drive to the rest. rooms are spacious and clean. Have stayed before and will stay again. 
1414 loved my stay at the sanctuary hotel. sucha warm romantic hotel. perfect for a sexy gettaway. juan and the staff were very lovely. can't wait to stay there in august with my boyfriend, 
1415 Excellent value for money, very friendly and helpful staff, small room with big bed, simple but very nice decor and good-sized bathroom. Location is great, just in the midle of everything... I would book again. 
1416 the room was clean, the staff very helpful and friendly; nyc hotels are normally on the small side and so was this hotel, but was functional for my business trip, convenient location, nice restaurants nearby 
1417 Beautiful modern hotel in beautiful battery park city. I loved my stay here. All staff were nice and accomodating. In a really great location. The rooms are clean and beds are super comfortable. Will book here again next time I am in ny. 
1418 this is the second time I have stayed at the Hilton on 6th avenue. Great location, excellent service, rooms clean, not big, but what hotel room is in NYC. Breakfradt pricey, but there's plenty of places near by to get Breakfast. Enjoy you're stay we did. 
1419 stayed here overnight on way to galveston from outside looks ok. once we got in room furniture dated and not clean enough. no bugs just stale. probably would not stay again for the money. liked the concept of the kitchen 
1420 Great location about 50 metres to the subway, spacious and breakfast is free. Oh, and if you are a PriorityClub member there are few better values for your points. Personally I prefer the upper floors for the great views. 
1421 Small, secure motel with reasonable rates, good service and nice, clean upper scale rooms with good amenities. The location fit me well for business in the Gulfgate area and very close to Hobby airport. 
1422 We stayed at this hotel overnight on the way to a two week cruise. Outstanding. Great locationI would recommend this hotel to all my friends while in New York City. Great service, really clean and elegant. Will stay there she I return in the Spring. 
1423 Room was spotless, staff smiling & helpful, great location! but at 7:30 am jackhammering in the street. 
1424 Unlike most hotels in NYC, Ramada Eastside offers free wifi and breakfast. Rooms are not big, but clean, comfortable and new. Location is quite convenient. 
1425 i stayed here twice in april with my husband and a friend of mine. it was clean and comfortable however they did not have any internet access however there was a whataburger across the street. 
1426 This hotel is reasonably price and very nice! As oppose to the highly priced hotels in the area! Staff are friendly and hospitable! The location is conveniently close to Michigan Ave and of course shopping! 
1427 Excelllent location and incredible staff. Rooms were very clean and comfortable. Perfect hotel for our trip. 
1428 I had a carefree and pleasant stay thanks to outstanding service, particulary from the reception person named Demaris (5). 
1429 Great staff, clean, quiet and large room with a great location. Felt like part of the family. 
1430 I stayed here with my sister and friend in September 2011 and it was fantastic! We could walk out the hotel and down the street was time square! Everyone was so friendly and accommodating. Would highly recommend staying here :) 
1431 Not even a tea or coffee maker on the room. But then it's NYC - overpriced hotels in general 
1432 The Sofitel is in a great location - close to everything. The room was lovely and an even nicer bathroom with lots of amenities. The staff was very friendly and helpful and answered all our questions about sightseeing options. Would definitely stay there again! 
1433 I love this hotel, and am actually staying there for a second year in a row on my upcoming New York trip. The rooms are exceptionally large for NYC, and its walking distance to Times Square at a great price. Can't go wrong 
1434 The staff at carefree inn are very courteous and helpful.the rooms are very clean and all the staff are very friendly. The staff that runs the carefree inn taxi are courteous and good drivers. 
1435 I first stayed at this hotel when i was 11 now im 45 it will always be the same old and charming i love oscars the mints the cole porter piano i love everything just visit here for the nostalgia it makes me so happy good luck WALDORF ASTORIA 
1436 This hotel always has great service, especially those who need access to the Medical Center. From the Valet to the Driscoll restaurant to the check in desk- all exceed expectation(s). Well done again! 
1437 Had a great stay!!Will definitely stay again and recommend to other's! Thanks. 
1438 This hotel was conviently located to Canal street and Little italy. The staff is friendly and the rooms are clean and comfortable. We will definatly stay again!!!!!! 
1439 I enjoyed my time at the Best Western President Hotel. It's an excellent location should you seek to be near the theater district or business areas. The staff was helpful, friendly, warm and quick to respond to requests. As a woman traveling alone I felt secure. 
1440 revoving resturant at the top floor of hotel...parked in the middle of times square...location location location. Breath taking veiws and great cocktails. 
1441 I've stayed at a lot of other mid-town hotels, but I always come back to the Parker. From the in house dining to the beautiful rooms with great views it just can't be beat. 
1442 The hotel is located in an excellent position, great value (89$ per room per night). Rooms are clean, daily maid service, breakfast included, very nice staff. Nothing more to ask if you want a cheap holiday in New York! 
1443 I have stayed here three times and I have not been let down yet. I truly enjoy everytime I stay at the this hotel. The service is impeccable, the location is good(although there is a better situated Marriott) and rooms are clean. I would recommend this hotel. 
1444 had fun with my girls, good location, valet under 20 dollars. nice rooms but i was told they had kitchen...only a sink and mini fridge, also was told they had couch sleepers...regular couch. overall nice hotel for price. paid 85 for 0ne night 
1445 not sure of going rate 
1446 Very unique hotel. Will definitely stay again. Loved the rooms and the location. We normally travel into Penn Station so this is very convenient for us and the price is right! 
1447 My sister and I took our girls to celebrate their 16th birthdays! We could not have stayed in a nicer place. we were very pleased with our room. I would recommend the Carlton to anyone. Only draw back--expensive cost for 2 nights stay--one room 2 beds--$960 CAN. 
1448 Every morning I was greeted with a happy and courteous staff at breakfast. Domingo was especially outstanding with his service. I look forward to seeing him again on my next stay. Thank you Domingo T. Martinez! 
1449 Great breakfast and rooms were clean. Restaurant/bar next door loud during Happy Hour nights. Can walk to Times Square and Empire State Bldg. 
1450 This was the first time to stay here and it was a pleasant surprise! Great location...near the ballpark, the arts, and many restaurants...all within walking distance. The hotel had so much charm! Not one complaint! Definately going back when in Houston! 
1451 A good hotel near times square,lovely and clean.Staff excellent,would stay again.Only downside is they advertise a rooftop bar,very expensive and im not sure if it is part of the hotel or a seperate item,would not visit again. 
1452 One would think that they were in a luxury hotel at 3 star rates.Service and staff are excellent.Very good and well equipped business center.Late afternoon comp cookies fresh baked and sweet rolls in the AM.Convenient location. 
1453 Hotel vecchio, muffa dappertutto, finestre che lasciavano entrare il freddo, un disastro totale. Non vale i soldi che chiedono, decisamente. 
1454 Bello, curato e di charme. Terrazza lobby e lounge carinissimi. Camera molto spaziosa e bagno enorme con vasca che si apre sulla camera. L'unica esitazione nel suggerire quest'hotel riguarda l'ubicazione un po' isolata sulla Bowery. 
1455 A piedi si poteva raggiungere Times square empire e rockfeller!abbiamo preso i pullman turistici consigliati dall'hotel che sono molto comodi per chi con pochi gg vuole vedere la citta 
1456 Great place to stay downtown. Got a great rate on Hotwire. Room very spacious, especially for New York City. Loved the free high speed internet access. Would definitely stay there again. Highly recommended. 
1457 Great classic hotel in the heart of the Magnificent Mile shopping area. Older style, but clean and would definitely recommend. 
1458 This hotel is a gem among giants. The staff is great, the rooms are nice, and the location is perfect. The hotel was not what I expected, it was great surprise. 
1459 This weekend I spent my first night at the Alden hotel. Everyone that I came into contact with were very nice and easy to talk to, as well as eager and willing to help. I would rate my overall experience EXCELLENT and I would definatley come back and stay again. 
1460 A good hotel, very clean, but a little noisy because the room was facing the railway line. Near a metro station with easy access to downtown New York. 
1461 Great Location, Nice Room, Helpful Staff, Good Breakfast. Had a 2 Room Suite - Lots of room. Alittle pricey, but I guess that's Chicago for ya! :) 
1462 we stayed at Sofitel New York, for a short break. We had a great experience at all levels. The staf was extremely warm and polited. The rroms were very well appointed and spacious. we will be bak and we know where to stay. 
1463 We were in town on vacation. The staff is fantastic. Very friendly and accomodating. The rooms are fine and the hotel location is perfect for getting around the city. 
1464 Recently renovated, this hotel has wonderful amenities and a great location. It makes for a terrific base to explore the city. Better than similarly priced hotels in the same neighborhood. 
1465 Spent two nights at the W Chicago Lakeshore and had a great experience. Rooms were great, Service was excellent, and they really assisted in making sure our time in Chicago included great meals and entertainment. A big thanks. 
1466 stayed in this hotel for 5 nights for my partners birthday, a lovely hotel with very helpful and friendly staff, a very modern and clean hotel in a brilliant location of new york, didnt have any faults at all with this hotel, would definitely recommend this hotel 
1467 the hotel is cleaner than any other hotel i stayed in in new york. the location is great. the service is not 24 hour, but very friendly. the rooms are small, but have a nice atmosphere. i will go again next time i go to NY. 
1468 Friendly staff, great location, nice rooms! I'll be back in Sept!! 
1469 We couldnt have chosen a better hotel on our first trip to New York! Centrally located, nice deco, friendly staff and the rooms were clean and nicely decorated! Perfect!!! 
1470 I was expecting to stay in an Hotel but we faced with a Condo, with no reception, no service at all, and the room was cleanless. I would never reccommend this place, it is awful. 
1471 That hotel is really amazing! The location is great, service is friendly and the rooms are perfect. Nice on-site gym as well! It is not cheap, but believe me: it's worth it. I will definitely come back!! 
1472 All was excellent, especially decor and location. Only tiny complaint is that shower could be a bit more updated and clean. 
1473 Nice, clean, good hotel. Great value for the money. Can not beat the location and free breakfast for the family. 
1474 booked meeting room for 40 people. very accommodating. service was great. Jerrica, Tiffany and dennis treated us like family highly reccomend this hotel 
1475 Rooms were very clean and comfortable. Rates were OK once medical discount was applied. The breakfast in the attached restaraunt was less than desireable. The restaraunt manager and hostess were very outgoing and provided great service but the quality of the food was a disappointment. 
1476 Rooms are spacious and clean. Subway-Stations are close. Its hard to beat the price of less than 100$ per night. If you travel on a budget the Arlington is a geat choice. 
1477 Clean, nice rooms, friendly and helpful staff. Nice view over Empire state building. Location is excellent for tourists. Really enjoyed my three-night-stay in January. Much better than the other hotels in the same price-range I have stayed at in NY. Thanks! 
1478 What a great location! Right in Times Square and reasonable priced by NYC standards. The kids loved the pool. We would definitely stay here again. 
1479 Great Location walking distance to South Street Seaaport and the Seastreak Ferry to Atlantic Highlands NJ. Great rooms, clean,comfortable and great service and attention to detail. 
1480 stayed here in 2010 clean and tidy rooms would have liked a fridge in the room but other than that enjoyed are stay coming back in november me my husband and my son. 
1481 Stayed as a family with young child. It was great. Easy access to times square ( 10 mins door to door). Great deli across the road. Lots of good local restaurants. Safe neighbouhood. Quiet rooms, spacious and well furnished. Helpful staff. Wouldn't dream of staying anywhere else. 
1482 Stayed here the weekend of Sept 20th to 23rd. Had a great stay. Staff was always very pleasant and willing to help. The location of the hotel was very well situated. We were within walking distance of everything. 
1483 They have very helpfull staff.Nice hotel with good location very close to area attractions. 
1484 The rooms are small , but hey this is New York.. Rooms very clean had a massive bathroom .Free computers, printing and internet location is excellent ,3 mins walk to the heart of the city 
1485 We enjoyed the service the hotel provided. The room was so comfortable. I loved it. Evelyn Yee showed such great hospitality on our stay. We will most definitely visit again. 
1486 EXCELENTE UBICACION, ATENCION, LIMPIEZA, Y FUNDAMENTAL MUY BUENA CAMA PARA DESCANSAR, SI TU VIAJE ES PARA CONOCER NY Y NO NECESITAS LUJO,PISCINA, SAUNA, ETC. TOTALMENTE RECOMENDABLE, APARTE TE INCLUYE EL DESAYUNO. 
1487 posizione favolosa, hotel vecchissimo e da ristrutturare considerando la posizione e il pregio del quartiere. l'unica cosa positiva all'interno era il magnifico Lindy's dove abbiamo fatto delle ottime colazioni all'americana!! 
1488 The Kimberly hotel is located conveniently to most midtown attractions. The rooms are spacious with full kitchens. The beds are terrifically comfortable. The rooftop lounge is a loud and rockin' at night. It is delightful for breakfast brunch. The concierge actually is helpful rather than pushing tickets, 
1489 Perfect, noiseless sleep. The view on the hotel backyard was not nice, but at least it was completely noiseless. 
1490 A very classy and fun experience. Service is excellent, and staff are very helpful. A must do experience in NYC 
1491 Its prime location combined with the comfort and friendliness of the staff contributed to a really nice time in New York City. Only one caveat, the bathroom could be more spacious. 
1492 Great staff, clean, wonderful for upscale clientele. 
1493 the room although clean, was very small. The staff not too friendly...I would pay a little more for a better room and somewhere where breakfast could be served. This came across as a back packers kind of place really. Not the best and wouldnt stay there again. 
1494 This is an updated property with elegant accommodations and good sized rooms for NYC. Great service although Cocierge sent for lunch around the corner to so so places. Convenient location close to Time Square. Great views of the Hudson. 
1495 Great with pool, fridge, microwave. Very convenient just 2 blocks to Port authority. Food store close by. Perfect when in transit a few days. We'll definitely go again, if the price is right (which it was now since we booked a couple of months ahead). 
1496 This is not a luxury hotel. However it is clean, friendly staff, and sitiated in an excellent location (30 seconds from 5th Ave. and 2 minutes from the Empire State Building). We stayed there for 3 nights and couldn't have asked for a better place. 
1497 Our stay at the Doubletree was wonderful. The staff was attentive, the bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in, the room was large, and the location was great. Overall, a very positive experience and we would definitely stay there again. 
1498 It's hard to beat the location of this hotel. It's right on MI ave. We got a great rate for the season and a cheap upgrade to a suite. However, the service was pretty crappy. I don't think anyone smiled at us once while we were there. 
1499 We stayed here for 4 nights in March as part of a bigger US holiday. Great location, but the rooms (or ours at least) are a big small. The place is clean though and within walking distance of everything you need in New York. Definitely recommended for budget travellers. 
1500 Sandra and the team at The Buckingham do an amazing job. The location is best in the city. Right between two of the major subway lines, just off Central Park. Can't beat the value anywhere in NYC. 
1501 I paid $550 for this hotel in Hotels.com and thought it would be at least a reasonable hotel at that price. It is a complete dump. The rooms are worth around $100. I don't care if the location is reasonably good, this place is a pit. 
1502 If your "Big Apple" plans are focused on midtown Manhattan for theater, touring, etc., you cannot go wrong with the Hilton Times Square. Exceedingly pleasant staff at every step of the way and an ideal location for getting to everything you need to get to in moments. 
1503 Great hotel, fantastic location, friendly staff, compact room with functional design, free WIFI, small galley on each floor with free coffee and water, trendy rooftop bar, we will stay here again 
1504 El hotel fue maravilloso en cuanto a las necesidades que tuvimos mi hija y yo ese fin de semana. La ubicacion, el precio, la habitacion y todo fue muy bueno. Repetiria sin duda alguan alojarme alli. Gracias, 
1505 Hotel in posizione centralissima, vicino alle principali attrazioni turistiche. La camera assegnata era rumorosa (motore ascensori), ho chiesto di cambiarla e il giorno dopo ne avevo una fantastica. Camera ampia per lo standard di New York. 
1506 camere piccole ma pulite esci dall'albergo e ti trovi su time square ........... posizione perfetta buono anche il prezzo considerando che siamo a NY personale gentile e disponibile 
1507 We had an excellent stay at the skyline hotel recently The staff were very friendly and helpful It is well positioned for all the attractions and just to add, the skyline deli across the street was excellent. Would recommend this hotel! 
1508 This is a good hotel with huge rooms which are great for families. I was very happy overall, although the hotel's emphasis on 'tranquility' was a little too forced. Would recommend for families who need a big room and good sized kitchen attached. 
1509 Excellent location. Staff very friendly and helpful. Got upgraded to a Junior Suite for free. Really great hotel. Will definitely stay again. 
1510 Eine Oase im Dschungel New York, Nahe Central Park 
1511 My wife and I stayed here about 3 times. Very nice people, rooms and service. The rooms are smallish (NYC like) but nicely furnished. Close to the center of town. Quiet neighborhood. Try to book there when they have specials. 
1512 Muy bien ubicado y en una zona absolutamente segura. El hotel sin ningun lujo tiene todo lo necesario para disfrutar la estancia. Limpio y acccesible. Lo recomendamos sin duda. 
1513 excellent service, efficiency of staff, Ability of the hotel staff to deliver a great experience throughout the stay. thank you 
1514 This was a great place for families. We had a one bedroom apartment which had a sofa bed in the main living room. It had two big TVs and came with a nice free breakfast each morning. The place is very central to Central York, Rockefeller Centre and Times Square 
1515 I'm an InTouch Member and ended up in a room right next to the elevator, super tiny, premium price, terrible view. The room was also very dark and did not feel very safe walking home at night. Next time, I'll stay elsewhere. 
1516 Gorgeous property, but no complimentary wifi is inexcuseable. I also wish that Hilton would move on up from Double sized beds - not that comfortable to sleep two people. Extremely friendly staff, all go out of their way to make sure guests are accomodated. 
1517 Would recommend hotel, good location, really friendly helpful staff, good breakfast, free coffee and pastries and evening cheese and wine. If you can put up with small room its a perfect choice 
1518 The location was great. Beautiful rooms and the staff was so helpful. Very clean. Told all my friends about this hotel. 
1519 we just came back from our honeymoon. it was a pleasure to be in that hotel. the hotel is so beautiful and stylish, the staff are very nice and professional. it was unforgettable experince!!! do not hesitate! go and enjoy like we did!!! 
1520 Great location, accomodating staff, lovely facilities. Only negatives were poor lighting in guest rooms and common area, and some housekeeping oversights. Otherwise, five stars! 
1521 First time at this hotel, and it was perfect. Friendly staff, very clean, and great location. Everything was way beyond our expectations. We will definitely visit again. 
1522 Excellant location, across the street from Shaw's seafood restaurant and very close to Nordstroms. Nice breakfast place and bar for after dinner drinks. The rooms were roomy and comfortable. Also went on a great tour, architecture boat tour. 
1523 hotel enorme ma semplice vecchio ma pulito in una posizione perfetta 
1524 We stayed two nights at the Hotel Chandler with our teenage daughter (Named Chandler). We were there for the weekend to see a show and the sites. The Hotel Chandler was near everything but off on a quiet street (yes in Mid-Town). Room great. Staff wonderful. 
1525 We had a great time at the president hotel. The rooms are clean and the staff are very friendly. We'll be back in March !! 
1526 this is my second time stayin there and i love is and will be back soon. if your lookin for reasonable room rate well the cass hotel is the place. 
1527 Vista da Time Square sensacional. Servico excelente 
1528 This hotel just might be the cleanest hotel I have ever encountered. Not lots of extras, no refrigerator nor microwave but the clean factor makes this hotel great! There is a deli across the intersection so you can get any kind of food to eat. I would stay there again. 
1529 Excellent customer service, cleanliness and location. The Alexander represented great value for money...we'll definately stay here again. 
1530 Room wasn't quite right and didn't get maid service, but they did make up for it. Very friendly staff and location which helped a lot. 
1531 Nice hotel - comfy bed and clean. We paid $335.00 per night so it should be. 
1532 Love this hotel--great access to everything we do--opera, libraries, theater, the Village, public transportation, great food shopping, the High Line. We like to cook while away so the kitchen is a necessity. Excellent place where we feel at home. 
1533 I stayed there with my family, amazing location on time square good room good location and so on only bad thing was the front desk clerk in the vip room was using his bluetooth earpiece 
1534 This hotel is like a vacation unto itself -- it's hard to tear yourself away to walk outside it's doors; and yet, when you do, you're in the heart of Times Square and two blocks from all the Broadway theaters. This place is fun, fun, fun. 
1535 I enjoy staying at this hotel. Rooms are clean and spacious, breakfast has been just fine. Staff, for the most part, is great. The maids are very friendly and Martin at the front office was very helpful when I had a problem. I really appreciated his attention to my situation. 
1536 We had a great time at this hotel. We could check in early. The staff was very happy and helpful. We felt important to them. We had a problem with our TV and they were quick to change us to a new room. The bed was comfortable. 
1537 Good value good location good parking older but renovated, go to hotel web site they also have other,s if this is not available, book in advance, do not eat at hotel go to 9th ave lots of choice, walking distance to time square 
1538 This is a great Hotel to have a restful night and a great stay. I love the area nearby mall & Restaruants. Hotel Staff was friendly & very tenative. The food was great! The hotel interior was beautiful & the rooms was nice & clean. 
1539 Extremely friendlly and helpful staff. Very Very Very clean thruout the entire place. The food was also great, high quality and super delcious. I highly recomend this hotel to anyone visiting the Big Apple. the location is good and central to most everything! A++++++++++++++++++++++ 
1540 Non e la prima volta che mi reco a ny e scelgo il radisson ha la giusta dimensione e un buon servizio 
1541 Hotel staffs are very friendly and helpful. The bed is comfortable, many TV channels to view and the toilet is clean. Very convenient location to both eateries and shopping malls. Free WiFi is available at the lobby and every night many guests will stay at the lobby to surf. 
1542 Absolut a lovely hotel. Great location, a 15 min walk from time squere. The staff was realy nice and helpful. They help me to rebook my fligth and spend several ours to call my booking company. 
1543 I've stayed at this hotel multiple times and have always had a great experience. It's a fun, cool, hip hotel that is in a great location to everything. The bar on the 33rd floor is very unique and everyone at this hotel is so nice and professional. 
1544 Rooms are big and clean. Good location. Toilets flushed really loud. Got to take two elevators to get to your room. Lobby bar was small and didn't even have white zinfandel. The gift shop was a joke. Room was hot and the air conditioner was loud. 
1545 The hotel was very helpful with our room as we needed disabled facilities. The hotel was clean with good facilities. The location was ideal for us with the wheelchair, a few blocks from the theatre, coach terminal, central park and the main attractions. 
1546 This hotel has a great name, but in reality it is the worst five star hotel I have ever stayed. Old fashioned bathroom, rusty shower and although I am a deep sleeper, I've been waken up several times during the night by people speaking in the corridor. 
1547 Wow, we really enjoyed this hotel. After reading some of the negative reviews we were really concerned. The hotel is beautiful; listed in the National Register of Historic Hotels. Our room and bathroom were immaculate. I loved the location, just a few blocks from Grand Central and surrounded by restaurants. 
1548 Great value, great location right next to Times Square. The rooms are nothing spectacular, but are clean and get the job done. The bed was a bit too firm for my taste. If you don't need luxury, this hotel is a great value. 
1549 Great location to theaters and restaurants,yet very quiet at night. Staff were most efficient and friendly. 
1550 Great hotel - +very nice rooms, clean and well appointed, club rooms have iMacs +great location - close to financial district and good bar / restaurant scene +best hotel workout facility I have visited in a year, plenty of space, machines and a certified trainer on staff 
1551 have been to most Hampton properties - this one is by far the most spacious (much bigger than the shoeboxes typical for mid-market properties in Manhattan) and most convenient to Broadway / Upper West Side. Highly recommend. 
1552 Loved my stay at The Casablanca. I was a little apprehensive about staying on my own in Times Square but I felt very safe. It's all been said before and it's true. 
1553 Fab hotel that wasn't too expensive. As a woman travelling on my own I felt totally safe here too. Recommended. 
1554 Last March we stayed for a week in this hotel in New York and will definitely say that we will be back in case of return to this amazing city. Perfect, perfect location (5 min. walk to Times Square). BIg, Clean and comfortable room and a satisfying staff. 
1555 Very nice hotel..... great location..near everything cool! the room is awsome!!! 
1556 comfortable clean central to everything stayed last year would stay again 
1557 Totaly cool! The design on everything was really nice! Ok size of the room, nice bathroom, serviceminded staff, good drinks in the bar, amazing rooftop garden, and a perfect for location for all kinds of new york experiences! 
1558 Goed hotel. Ruime kamers. Niet helemaal downtown, maar aan State Street. Bus 29 stopt voor de deur en brengt je in kwartiertje naar centrum. Perfecte keuze als je niet de hoofdprijs wilt betalen voor centralere plek. 
1559 First time in NYC and we picked a Name brand hotel HAMPTON INN service is great but the rooms and the halls need to be redone it still looks like a Howard Johnson The staff were some what friendly but the location is great Needs to improve on the rooms 
1560 Good surprise. Friendly staff. Modern room interior, 2 full HD 32" TVs, BOSE stereo!! Two articulated lamps for good reading at bed. Very nice. Close to theaters and restaurants. We stayed 5 nights e will surely return to it the next trip. Congratulations to the staff. 
1561 I stayed in this hotel after winning a bid on Priceline. The price was very fair, the room was clean, the staff was pleasant, very spacious, and it had a very comfortable bed. I would definitely stay here again! 
1562 This is a beautiful hotel in the heart of the theater/arts district of Chicago across from a lovely park and within walking distance of the Museum Campus. The staff was very helpful and the room was spacious and comfortable. The downside were charged Wi-Fi and fitness center. 
1563 The web deal room is way too small. And there is no room for clothes or other items. The bathroom is almost unusable. 
1564 The room was very, very small. The bathroom did not have a vent. The telephone did not work, the tv did not work very well and the reading lamp did not work. It did have a very nice continental breakfast, but all in all in my opinion, not worth it. 
1565 Great location, very nice hotel, great staff, especially maria, who helped us with everything. All in all, a great stay at a great hotel. 
1566 The best location, close to shops, restaurants, theater, etc... The room is large compare to other Manhattan hotels also very clean. The staff was really helpful. I would certainly return to stay here and recommend it to my friends. 
1567 Apart from location, this hotel was not good. It smelled awful, people smoked in their rooms which permeated into ours and to top it all off, a mouse joined us in our room on the 11th floor. Wouldn't recommend this at all..... 
1568 Friendly staff, comfortable rooms, good location. Would definitely stay again on a return trip to Chicago. 
1569 GReat staff and really relaxing stay. Only problem is with this survey My name is Maria D. Perkins and for some reason you show my e-mail address under the name Nora Longoria. She is a friend but she has her own wyndham card id. 
1570 I like the spacious rooms there and very friendly stuff at desk. And ready to upgrade the room, if they are available )). That's great! 
1571 Great for medical centre meetings. Right on rail line to go downtown. Room comfortable and reasonable rates. Food remarkably good with good selection of regional cuisine. Room not luxurious with some signs of age! 
1572 Stayed on the 14th and it was recently renewed. No complains about it, it's not a great hotel for the price you pay, but I had a good stay in a great location. 
1573 Excelsior was very good. Nice room, new bath. Excellent location. Good hotel for a weekend in NYC. Good pubs, restaurants, bagel shops, museums in walking distance. 
1574 Thank U for making our stay in NY so memorable. We couldn't have asked for anything more. It was the staff that made the the most difference, laid back yet so aware and service minded - thank you! The location is also superb. 
1575 We enjoy the Warwick's location when in NYC. This time our room was a little worn and our view wasn't very nice. The prices seemed to have gone up however, the weekend senior rate was reasonable. Nice dining room. 
1576 I stayed in Holiday Inn Manhattan for 2 nights. It is a good hotel in the heart of NYC. But rooms were very small as compared to the price. Its more of a in-transit hotel :) 
1577 Good location and very clean hotel. Staff very friendly and very close to Time Square 
1578 We loved this hotel. The entire staff was very friendly and attentive. The location couldn't be beat and we got a great price. The lounge service was good, the breakfast was fabulous. We will definately stay here again 
1579 The hotel had great service although the room was cramped, and the elevator took 15 min to arrive at our floor. The service is very fast and everyone who worked there is extremely welcoming. THe floors only have about 5-6 rooms each so it is very accesible to your room. 
1580 A historic American hotel with good sized rooms and great concierge service. Stayed here while the NATO conference was on. Great restaurant and friendly staff. Recommended if you fancy a taste of a more historic hotel than many you will encounter in the USA. 
1581 Better value for money many other hotels. It is newly restaured, modern, clean and there is tea and coffee in the morning in the hall for free. Very friendly and helpfull stuff. 
1582 First time in Chicago, location is great, short walks to most of my meetings, checked in very late since my flight got delayed. Only one person (Cindy) at the hotel desk but it was surprisingly fast, friendly and efficient, will be back again. 
1583 Wonderful 5 night stay celebrating by daughters 21st Birthday; could not fault the hotel the rooms were spacious and the beds extremely comfortable. Fantastic location. Enjoy! 
1584 Clean, comfortable, quiet. No problems with bookings. 
1585 We have been staying here while my mom has been getting treatment at MD Anderson. This staff is very helpful and friendly. The hotel is clean and well-maintained. 
1586 Wasn't expecting much here, but I did want hot water. None provided, nothing that they cared to do about it. Skip this uninspired dump and find another place to flop where you can take a shower. 
1587 i stay here at least once a year on annual shopping trips. it always feels like a home from home. service is excellant, rooms lovely with the most comfortable beds in the world! very convenient for bloomingdales and 5th avenue shoppong. good irish breakfast every morning. 
1588 Great service, huge rooms, brilliant concierge service and an excellent location. 
1589 Never expected to get such a good hotel for the price. The best beds and pillows I ever slept on. Location is perfect, mind you, we like our hotel to be midtown. The hotel is new (for NY standards). Absolutely no complaints. Perfect stay! 
1590 Location is close to Central Park and Fifth Avenue shopping. Hotel decor is older but suites are spacious and comfortable. Good value for the money. 
1591 My colleges and I have been staying at this Hotel a few days each month for some time now. Each time we are greeted by friendly, courteous staff, and clean comfortable rooms.The location is convenient to everything we need including our client offices. I would highly recommend these accommodations. **KSD,Florida** 
1592 wonderful place....plan to come again in the near future...Ideal location of r new yourk 
1593 We stayed 5 nights at the Ink48 in July. We enjoyed the place very much. The personal is very friendly and professional 
1594 Good quality restaurant. Approx. 20 minutes walk to Time Square. I recommend it 
1595 The rooms are spotless, iPad plug available. Room is small but everything is there. Roof top bar is excellent. Great valuel for money. 
1596 Stayed at the Westin thru Priceline for $123 with tax. Beautiful to be in the city for the Giants Superbowl WIN! Hotel was beautiful, staff were great, bar had lots of cold beer.. What more could you want! 
1597 Excelente Custo x Beneficio! Restaurante com otima comida, funcionarios muito solicitos, apenas uma observacao: deveria ter wi-fi nos quartos.... e a internet (via cabo) do quarto e muito cara.... De resto, excelente hotel! 
1598 This hotel is a very good choice at the heart of the city. Contemporary decor, pretty spacious for a time square hotel. Breakfast area is cosy, average breakfast.Beds were comfy. Bathroom is small, workable though. Location is good, close to subway. 
1599 This Hotel I highly recommend for its service and cleanliness and location to othe stores and nice restaurants. 
1600 Room was comfortable. Property is large and has a variety of additional features. Pool, workout room, bar/grill and breakfast area. Bar and grill is very spacious and has a large menu. Plenty of places to sit to watch sporting events or visit with your group. 
1601 Great service, lovely rooms, excellent service, everything you would expect from a hotel. Avoid the bar though, the drinks are really expensive.... Get out and about and sample everything NYC has to offer. 
1602 considerando il prezzo e la vicinanza a diversi siti turistici di Manhattan direi che e' un buon hotel. Le camere sono pulite e spaziose ... i bagni un po' meno ma hanno tutto quello che serve e sopratutto sono puliti. 
1603 we enjoyed our stay here. breakfast was great. everyone made us feel at home. we highly recommend the crown plaza. 
1604 Nice enough hotel but I walked into my bathroom and there was hair all over the floor. It made me question the cleanliness of the rest of the room. 
1605 Perfecte lokatie in een leuke buurt, vriendelijk personeel, nette (wel kleine) kamer met perfect bed, beddenlinnen,flatscreen tv, ipod dockingstation en een mooie badkamer met eveneens perfecte handdoeken. Kortom: een volgende reis naar NY verblijven wij zeker in het WJ hotel! 
1606 We spent two nights at a more expensive hotel before moving to the Hilton Garden Inn. The staff was pleasant, the room was really pretty and more importantly, CLEAN. The wireless internet worked like a charm. We will definitely consider this hotel on our next visit to Chicago! 
1607 We saw reviews of this hotel on Tripadvisor and we're a bit nervous...it was going to be an adventure!!!! We were extremely pleasantly surprised at how curtious the staff was and our room was very nice. 
1608 The London is a great choice in NY. Close enough to theater, far enough from Times Square to be away from the crowd. Suite rooms with very nice furnishig. Gordon Ramsey restaurants. 
1609 This hotel is wel located, has superb service and nicely redone rooms. Everything that was on my profile request was in my room. The restaurant/bar food is really good and the hotel cars are available, in the event cabs are scarce. This is my hotel of choice in NYC. 
1610 By far one of the more superior Hotels in NYC offerring the level of class and support the business executive expects. 
1611 ****************************FANTASTIC*************************** from start to finish .staff were lovely 
1612 room were spotless 
1613 breakfast was FANTASTIC. would defo stay here again on my next visit to New York ... 
1614 Excellent location, close to markets & restaurants, a restaurant within the hotel, multiple elevators, clean room, bed was very comfortable. Small room :( 
1615 We stayed here after the Ritz because we wanted to be closer to the hustle. we paid about $100/night. rather pay more for nicer hotel. 
1616 We were in NY for more than a week and found our stay in Park Central New York very comfortable and neat and clean and the location was great and , Drita the front desk manager was very helpful and courteous 
1617 Was pleasantly suprised by the high standard of this hotel. It was spotless and warm at a very blustery time in NYC. The wine and cheese after a long day was a welcomed suprise! 
1618 Hotel was clean, staff pleasant, and the rooms had what was needed. Just a block off of Michigan Ave and shopping! 
1619 very zen-like set up in the rooms. comfortable and peaceful stay. 
1620 we love everything about the hotel 
1621 Location quite away from the centrum but in walk distance 
1622 Do not get a room on the lower floor facing the street. You won't get any sleep. Pillows need replacing badly!!!! Staff very friendly. Overall a good value f 
1623 We stayed at the Inn of Chicago on two different trips. We were happy with our experience both times. The location is perfect for shopping and going to tourist sites. It's a great place to crash when visiting a great city! 
1624 We have stayed at the NY Palace three times and it has always been beautiful. Very comfortable beds and extremely clean. Very nice breakfast. Nothing in the world negative to say about it. 
1625 After we received our "final" bill and left the Empire, they assessed another $60 charge on our credit card. Called accounting and sent email to ask for justification; no response. Have asked our credit card company to withhold payment. 
1626 The location of Park 79 Hotel is great, and very convenient to several subways. Our Junior suite didn't quite live up to our expectations, as the 2 rooms were very small. 1st night we had to sleep in 2 double rooms, due to overbooking - and they were reasonable sized. 
1627 The building and everything about it was georgous. The rooms has thin walls but it's to be expected in older buildings. The service was fantastic. I would stay there again for sure! 
1628 The London is a great hotel fabulous rooms very clean beautiful furnishings the neighborhood is a little bit off the beaten track but great for theater goers easy walk to the restaurants on 6th avenue 
1629 i stayed a few days with the family and we loved the hotel. The location is great close to shopping and restaurant. The rooms are new and very very modern. The service is awsome. Personnal take care about you and offer you the best! I recommend this hotel to evryone!! 
1630 Clean hotel, easy to get to, big clean and modern rooms. Easy check in. Drawbacks include: child-filled, busy, and loud pool. Breakfast at Shula's: slow and absent minded hostess, waterey buffet eggs, and no drink refills. 
1631 Perfect location amazing hotel can not fault it wasn't too pricey considering your are in Central NY Staff helpful and kind New York itself is amazing! 
1632 This was my first visit to New York and I cannot believe how lucky I was to stay in this Hotel, everything about it was first class, from the bar staff to the house maids everyone was extreamly helpful and friendly. I would recommend the Roosevelt to anyone. 
1633 The room has a price too it but the view alone is worth it! Stay there again in a hearbeat 
1634 nice accomodations, great italian restaurant next to the hotel. 
1635 Nice hotel. Enjoyed my stay. Very clean, quiet, and comfortable. Friendly staff. Good location for the business traveler going to Houston. However, a little pricey for the location. Should offer a free full breakfast for the room rate charged. 
1636 Rooms are spacious and calm (for New York !). But we spent two hours to clean it by ourselves, because it was very dirty. All the hotel deserves renovation. 
1637 Great hotel with good service, clean pool and rooms, the only negative is the area, i would not want to walk around this area alone at night 
1638 I have stayed at this boutique hotel many times. The sensual decor establishes real ambiance and the staff is friendly and helpful. A nice alternative from the impersonal big hotels. 
1639 We booked for three nights stay. Right around the corner from the subway, within a few blocks of Times Square and plenty of Restaurant choices. The staff is friendly and consistant. I wish the rooms had better lighting. 
1640 BON RAPPORT QUALITE PRIX.CHAMBRES SPACIEUSES ET PROPRES.NUISANCE SONORE CORRECTE.PETIT DEJEUNERS:CAFE,THE,DONUTS,MUFFINS,PAIN BEURRE,JUS D ORANGE.CAFE ET WIFI GRATUIT AU SALON A CERTAINES HEURES.ACCUEIL CORRECT.GARDE BAGAGES.A RECOMMANDER 
1641 This place was tiny, run down and dirty. The staff was rude and it was close to nothing that was open late night. It was better than Motel 6 but not much. oh and the elevator broke down. 
1642 Stayed one night and had a great experience. The staff was very professional and courteous from check-in to calling the cab to head to the airport. I will stay here next time I'm in New York, either for business or leisure. 
1643 Great convenient hotel to Central Park, Museums, Restaurants; 1 block from Subway. 
1644 Me and my 19 year old son stayed at this hotel 5 nights. The room was big enough for us. You can see, that the hotel isn't quite new - splecilally in the public areas. Rooms were clean and personnel was friendly. I would stay here again. 
1645 Excellent location. Close to the airport. Staff was exceptional and smiley faces,very accomadating in every way.The food I have ordered from room service was well done.I like the breakfast also,the room was clean and the bed was very comfortable.Would recommend to everyone. 
1646 Very good hotel, convenient, clean and quiet in the mid of the roaring town of NY. Helpful services, good room and safe environment, just on walking distance of Times Square and other Midtown entertainment. 
1647 The Hudson... an interesting place. Kind of trendy, good food, fun place to be. The rooms are very small but it was fun and I'd stay there again. Great location, very good service, good bed, great shower... what more can you ask? Have fun :) 
1648 Great neighborhood, friendly staff, check-in was easy. I agree with those you found the bathrooms fantastic. 
1649 The Benjamin is in a good central mid-town location, walkable to shops and theatre. The rooms and service are good, the restaurant food delicious (best pancakes on our trip) and the concierges Sarah and Anya were very helpful, friendly and efficient. 
1650 Had a great stay! clean, many extras! would stay again! 
1651 Its ina great part of NYC and the staff are really helpful and cosniderate. The servcies you need are all there and there is great proximity to subway transport which will make yoru life so much easier. Highly recommend a stay here. 
1652 Friendly and helpful staff. Top-notch hotel at a business/traveler rate smack downtown in Houston. Nicole was great with servicing my colleagues (which were checking in the next day), recommending restaurants, the ins/outs of the city, etc... 
1653 As I was thinking about special activities during 2011, our stay at the Ritz-Carlton Battery Park is among the top! The customer service was excellent, the room spacious, beautiful, and immaculately clean, and the food Bon Appetit! See you in 2012! 
1654 Don't expect to be in your room much. The perfect hotel if you just want a place to sleep between exPloring New York. 
1655 Hotel is nice and is in a great location. Staff is very helpful. Stayed with 2 kids and they were very accommodating. Love the filtered water and guests closets. Diane is great. 
1656 We stayed here for 4 nights, with young children. Times Square is a 2 minute stroll along the street. Beds are very comfy. The bath was rather shallow but that could be a US thing. Breakfast downstairs is really good. 
1657 Very nice hotel, modern, stylish, clean and friendly. The best is the location: from our room we could look down Broadway to Times Square. There is a small wellness area and a cool bar on the top floor with a great view! 
1658 perfect location.good rooms.i stayed in this hotel in all the times i've been to NYC 
1659 I booked what was the smallest room at the River Hotel, that came at a very good price for Chicago's standards. Lean and straightforward hotel, fantastic location - free wifi and chilled water. It was small by american standards, but not for European or Japanese standards. Highly recommended hotel - 
1660 this hotel must be one of the best in new york for staff helpfullness breakfast all day tea,coffee ease of getting to time square across the stree from macys we have stayed so many times here and it just gets better each time highly recomended 
1661 I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the room - nice renovation, modern touches, great bathroom and lighting. and we loved the location, just a block to hop on the subway 
1662 Perfect spot in Time Square, everything was walking distance. All rooms were suites so lots of room, hotel had Starbucks in the lobby....what else could you ask for!! 
1663 A very beautiful hotel in great, non-touristy area. The hotel staff are all very pleasant and definitely looking to satisfy. Only disappointment I had during my stay was house keeping that wasn't quite up to 5-star grade, but management made it right. Would recommend this hotel to anyone! 
1664 This is the first time my husband and I stayed at this hotel. The location was just off Michigan Ave (2 block south of the Water Tower) and close to everything we wanted to visit. The hotel itself was clean and very elegant (Art Deco). We would stay there again. 
1665 Excellent hot water! Instantly available. And very welcoming, helpful & friendly staff. Nice Hyde Park location. 
1666 Overall the hotel was nice. The electronics and decor could use an update. 
1667 This was our 3rd time staying in the Paramount, but the first time with our children. The location is unbeatable, convenient to shows, restaurants, Time Square, and Subways. The rooms are comfortable, with a modern decor. Kids enjoyed the large buffet breakfasts. 
1668 We stayed 2 weeks at the New York Palace and were impressed by the amazing room, helpful staff and fabulous atmosphere. It was a wonderful experience. Definitely somewhere to return soon. 
1669 It was a nice stay. Its not my favorite location, but nice and clean. 
1670 We had a night here then went to The Hamptons for 2 nights & then returned to Ace Hotel. What a fantastic place to stay!! Awesome location, beautiful restaurant, fantastic service in the hotel & restaurant. Highly recommend. Well done! 
1671 Appena arrivati siamo stati accolti dal portiere dell' albergo che ha ritirato dal taxi le valigie e la ha recapitate direttamente in camera. Camera perfetta come da foto, pulita ogni giorno; unico appunto la grandezza: un po' piccola per un 4 stelle. Posizione ottima e personale gentilissimo. 
1672 2 moms/2 teen girls-- fun time in NYC!! Loved the suite to spread out...great value! 
1673 You can't get more convienent than this location. Subway is right at your doorstep. CafeMetro is right there too. Rooms had a good view of city. Firehouse is very near some rooms though. The rooms very big enough too 
1674 Poor service from doormen to housekeeping to non working phone to line ups to check in and out. Hotel is too caught up in being trendy, even security was rude. Rooms and hallways are not as clean as I would expect. Stay somewhere else 
1675 Room was comfortable and great size - especially for NYC. People were friendly, funny, engaging and knowledgeable. The entire experience was a pleasure. Definitely will return. 
1676 Stayed here last November & had a wonderful time. Staff were very helpful & friendly. Great base for seeing all the sights. Good sized room, clean & tidy. Good view of the Empire State Building. 
1677 Stayed at S.G. last weekend, loved the restaurants on corner - Ate at Lusso, and had a great time. Shopped up and down West Broadway then over to Broadway. Eveerything was close by, and the doormen at S.G. were very helpful.. 
1678 Ci siamo trovati benissimo, camere confortevoli e funzionali, situato in una zona a nostro giudizio eccezionale con a 20 metri ben 8 linee di metropolitana, incatentevole terrazzo con vista sull'empire, appena fuori 5 ristoranti per tutti i gusti...in generale rimasti molto soddisfatti e sicuramente ci ritorneremo!!! Wonderful!!! 
1679 Hotel posizionato in maniera strategica, a pochi metri una stazione metro (linee N-P-Q), a pochi metri da Central Park, di fronte al Carnegie Hall, tra la 6 e la 7 Avenue. Personale molto gentile, Hotel decisamente superiore alle stelle assegnate. 
1680 We were there for a few days, didn't spend a lot of time in the hotel. But the quality was good, and the locatoin is perfect. 
1681 We felt very at home in this hotel. Nice breafast, nice with tea and coffee all day, very nice with cheese and wine in the evenings and wonderful when there was live piano music! 
1682 The Icon is absolutely my hotel of choice when in town for business. It's a wonderful boutique hotel with top notch amenities and the staff is always phenomenal, I could never say enough about them! The fact that it's a Marriott brand makes it even better. 
1683 Ottima la posizione di questo hotel nel cuore di Manhattan a 5min a piedi da Times Square. Hall molto grande e dispersiva, molto efficienti i numerosi ascensori. Un poco scortesi gli addetti alla ricezione della clientela. 
1684 The Hotel Mela, was comfortable, with great beds, and bedding, roomy bathroom and a convenient location by Times Square. Great little french Bistro located right beside it was perfect for breakfast. 
1685 Just returned from a 6 night stay at this hotel. All I can say is FAB!!. The staff very helpful, rooms clean and comfortable and the beds excellent. Location just right within walking distance of all attractions and public transport. Have already recommended this to my friend. 
1686 A convienent landmark mid-town location. The rooms are old and could use updating. 
1687 Love it. 15 min or less to walk to everything, times square, fao schwarz, empire state building, ect. Very friendly staff. Very clean rooms and bedding. Great breakfast bar with real food not just cereal. Can't wait to stay again. 
1688 Stayed here for 6 nights last march rooms excellent great location.The barking dog bar/restaurant offers great service..The one person who made my stay so enjoyable was Mr Donald Garcia a true professional & gentleman who recommendations to me were spot on all of the time.Look forward to returning 
1689 Definately worth the stay if you get a good rate at the Millenium Hilton. The room was gorgeous, with huge windows on two sides of the room and stunning views. The hotel staff were helpful and friendly, and there was no street noise at all in the room. 
1690 We stayed here 3 night and had a great time. It was not cheap but we enjoyed it with a nice room, huge bed, big window, nice bath room, good service, good location and friendly staff. It is a good value for your time in NY. 
1691 Ottimo hotel, pulito, servizio cortese, la camera piano alto ha vista bellissima direttamente sull'Empire. Wifi a pagamento e caro ma nella hall due pc a disposizione gratuitamente. Comodissima la posizione soprattutto per chi non conosce NY 
1692 Family of four from Texas. We loved it! Great location. Friendly staff and clean room, dated but clean. We requested a newly renovated room before arrival and got it. No problems at all. Did request extra pillows, though. 
1693 Staying at the Soho Loft was a wonderful experience. The people working there were extremely friendly. They made excellent restaurant recommendations and I felt like I was actually living in NYC. I would definately recommend this accomadation to friends, family and my business associates. 
1694 hotel antiguo pero con encanto, con un sobrecolchon de plumas de oca increible 
1695 Right in the corner of Broadway and 54th! Wooooow what a location! Minutes walk to most theaters and attractions. Hotel sparkling clean and great staff. We got what we paid for 
1696 Small but functional rooms. Very chic upgrade has been done in the bathroom. 
1697 Nice enough hotel with great location and no bedbugs. We noticed on our credit card that they overcharged us by $50 each day. Upon contacting the hotel, they say that they will remove the extra charges in 3 days "once they know that we didn't watch any movies." 
1698 Excellent hotel, nice big rooms. Very clean and tidy and situated in great spot. Just down the road from Madison square garden. And just a short walk from Empire State. The staff are very helpful and polite. The foods very good in the restaurant and Also a great Bar 
1699 Great price, convenient location, friendly staff, nice breakfast. This is a great deal in NYC, convenient to everything you need. I can't imagine paying three times more to stay anywhere else. 
1700 This is a great hotel. Our room was elegant and quiet. Reservation was managed well. Pool is beautiful. It is close to incredible restaurants. Parking is convenient, covered and there is no charge. Work out room is great. A really great weekend escape setting! 
1701 Spent three nights here last months and it is perfectly located on the Magnificent Mile! Everyone working there was very helpful. Super friendly and accomodating housekeeping. Nice lobby bar for meeting people. 
1702 Terrific location ! Enormous, clean room, Large bathroom. Bought on hotwire for 151 per nt...great deal! 
1703 Quite expensive but so is NYC... Good room (a great view of the opposite brick wall however...) with a clean (shared) bathroom and clean towel. Professionnal welcome, check in and out really fast and excellent location with lot of restaurant around. I would recommend it. 
1704 Great rate for a clean, well decorated hotel. Within walking distance of some fun places and about a block from a subway station. The staff was personable and welcoming. I appreciated the free wi-fi and bottled water in the room. 
1705 L'Hotel era in un posizione per noi perfetta (lower Manhattan); la camera spaziosa e pulita, compreso il bagno, e nell'insieme davvero confortevole. Abbiamo prenotato con una tariffa scontata compresa la colazione, tutto davvero perfetto! 
1706 Gansevoort Park is a great location, the rooms are larger than most NYC rooms and really clean. Bathrooms offer large showers and great products. Decor is modern but not overdone, wifi was excellent. Staff is courteous and quick to help. Restaurant was fantastic! 
1707 Worst service ever. Room door doesn't close by itself - needs oiling. Maintenance never showed up. Maid left room door open after cleaning. Internet dysfunctional. Room not clean. No duvet covers, just a sheet and a duvet used by thousands of guests (and their stains are clearly visible). STAY AWAY!!! 
1708 We hate going to NYC because the hotels are always a hassle. Expensive, tiny rooms, sometimes dirty...The Roger Smith Hotel has great ambiance, is clean, the staff were friendly. It really made for a very relaxing stay. 
1709 Great location,good service, very clean rooms, comfortable beds. All for a reasonable price. We were pleased with our stay and will stay again if looking for a hotel at that price range, recommended. 
1710 Our wedding night. They greeted us very warmly, gave us complimentary champagne while we checked in and a fruit and cheese basket once we were settled into our room. The room was beautiful and very comfortable. Couldn't have been happier! 
1711 Very good hotel with friendly staff and in an amazing location! Room service of a great quality! The beds are huge! Beautiful interior. You will have an amazing stay! Make sure you don't touch the mini fridge! :) 
1712 My Brothers and I went to catch a Reds / Cubs game at Wrigley and we stayed here. The rooms were great, the location was perfect, and the staff was friendly and helpful. We will stay there again 
1713 Stayed in Superior Queen room and it was an awkward room and small. Taking the fact that it was not a standard room I was expecting much more. Disappointing... 
1714 We enjoyed our stay., The suite was very comfortable for two adults. This is a great hotel for families with its very large breakfast and its reception/happy hour in the evening with snacks and drinks. 
1715 Hotel moderno e molto modaiolo. Il bar al roof ha una spettacolare vista sull'Empire e il bar al secondo piano completa la piscina e la zona spiaggia (con sabbia vera). Due ristoranti ottimi ma un po costosi. Originale il soffitto della hall da cui si vedono gli ospiti in piscina. 
1716 This hotel is in an odd spot but don't let that fool you. A quick hop on Beltway 8 and you can be anywhere in the Northwest side of Houston in minutes. Service has been good and I've always gotten a good rate around $120. 
1717 Our stay was fabulous, a corner room with great views. The roomtop lounge is too cool, great views as well. Our room was lovely -- the bed oh so comfortable! The entire staff was very attentive and caring - a thoroughly fine experience. 
1718 We had our wedding at the fourseasons just couple of weeks ago. It was the best experience ever! We were treated wonderfully. The staff were excellent and accommodating. The food was delicious and everyone had a wonderful time. I would recommend the fourseasons of Houston to anyone. 
1719 I booked this hotel for 20 rooms for a week long training. The staff is very friendly, the place is new and very clean. The woman at the front desk in the morning was very friendly and helpful. Terry on the over night shift was great!!! 
1720 this is a nice hotel, and the stuff is very helpful. 
1721 We booked a Queen Deluxe room on Quikbook.com for $250. We were in room 95. The room was bigger than I expected it would be. The bed was perfect for 2....with more than enough room. 
1722 One word describes the stay at this hotel..PERFECT. The staff, location, room couldn't have been better. We will return to this hotel and have recommended it to many. 
1723 Great location. Easy to get to anywhere. Rooms good size. Beds comfortable. Pity breakfast was ordinary so we walked down 8th Ave to great diner where we could get good fresh fruit, croissants and a decent cup of tea 
1724 I was there in mid Jan for nrf retail's big show at javits. Enjoyed my stay at yotel throughout with good friendly staff, nice rooms, unique style and convenient access to javits or 5th, 6th, 7th avenues for shopping, restaurants, movies, Subway and sight seeing.. 
1725 Great hotel. Nice and clean. Service was great. Location was great. The beds were definitely the best part. 
1726 Don't expect service, the hotel is in a good location but that is about it - the bathroom vents had so much dust so no air was getting in or out - a real health hazzard. from a traveller New South Wales, Australia 
1727 Got this room through Hotwire. Really well appointed, free wireless, ist floor British themed restaurant is reasonably priced for all 3 meals. I would recommend parking a few blocks away vs the $48 next door fee(unless in/out service is important). Staff was very helpful. 
1728 Dirty, horrible and infested in bed bugs. Never ever would i stay here again it would be cleaner to sleep on the streets of NYC for a night than stay here! 
1729 Jan was far too generous. I'll never go back. The hotel was seedy, noisy and unpleasant. I couldn't believe it was a Hilton. Oh. Wait. The Dulles Hilton is just like that except smaller. Maybe it's a trend. 
1730 This all suite hotel is fabulous and very safe and secure 
1731 The lobby is on the 4th floor so people cannot just wander in 
1732 Clean and elegant 
1733 Outstanding in every detail. Service exceptional. Food excellent. Room the best. Laundry super. Same for shoes. Best hotel I've visited. 
1734 The hotel staff is very nice and helpful, the hotel itself is decent, but the Cosmopolitan cafe downstairs is just awesome. It's like a cafe should be, great design, friendly cosy and entirely unlike Starbucks. 
1735 In the middle of Times Square, walking distance to theaters, Central Park, 5th Ave...nice rooms, friendly staff, good service. 
1736 This was perfectly located for Times Square, Broadway and 5th Avenue shopping. Hotel was clean with a great maid service, knowledgable concierge and Bill, the bellman, who was brilliant! Rooms slightly small, although I suspect an average size for NYC. I'd definitely stay again. 
1737 Excellent can't say anymore really!! 
1738 I had imagined this hotel to be walking distance from Willowbrook mall, but due to absence of any walkways, this was not the case. Nevertheless it is a good hotel overall if you have rented a car. 
1739 There was some construction going on outside which was super loud! Other than that, it's small as you can expect from a lot of hotels in the city, but not a bad stay outside of the noise. Room was decent and staff was very nice. 
1740 Great comfort. Great service. Great location. Great value. We would recommend it very highly to anyone. The only concern (mild) is the temperture - too hot with no control. 
1741 We had a lovely weekend in NYC. The hotel was clean, bright and lovely. The staff was lovely and accomidating. The room was large (especially for NYC). The kitchen was great! Bathroom and ammenities were FAB. 
1742 Well earned 3 stars: - Clean. - Well situated. - Nice rooms. - Good price. 
1743 Rooms were clean. Staff were friendly, polite and helpful. Free shuttle to the airport is an added advantage. Enjoyed my stay and recommends this place. 
1744 Best location very very near to times square excelent hotel! Rooms are big and clean , and the hotel crew are very nice, especially Elizabeth who help us in our short stay 
1745 The Eventi has been my primary NYC hotel since it opened and it has never failed to satisfy. Great location (easy walk to Penn Station, brisk walk to Javits), outstanding staff, good food in house and nearby (FoodParc next door rocks). Good access to EWR and all points west. 
1746 from check in to check out, the hotel staff was friendly, helpful and fun. i enjoyed the location and the amenities of the hotel. i would highly recommend to others and will stay again during my next visit to nyc. thank you. 
1747 Good hotel for the price. Excellent location right at Times Square and within walking distance of many sights (Empire State Building, Central Park, etc.). I would definitely book This hotel again if I wanted to stay midtown. 
1748 While the hotel was old and outdated, the bed was very comfortable. Hotel front desk staff were very nice and helpful. Close to Michigan Avenue and not a bad night's stay for the price. 
1749 The hotel has a great location, rooms are a bit small but clean, if you are going NY to enjoy the city, you should try The manhattan Time square. It was a good, clean, comfortable hotel. There is no wi-fi in the rooms. 
1750 Rooms are not the biggest but who sleeps in NYC? The team is friendly and attentive. They even offer free gift wrapping during Christmas season. Upstairs lounge is intimate for people and dogs but they don't bite ( at least the dogs don't). 
1751 great hotel, close to 9/11 memorial, quiet, very friendly staff, great amenities in the room including nespresso coffee machine and pods. the lobby is very modern, walking disctance to metro stations. concierge is knowledgable and friendly 
1752 I was really happy with the studio room, and the staff were very friendly. Would stay again, if necessary. 
1753 The location was great....was in walking distance of many attractions. Would shop and/ or check pricing for overnight parking. Across the street gives you a discount but still a little pricey. The hotel is older but for the price it is a great deal. 
1754 I arrive of a stay of 7 days at the Double tree and in spite of the small size of rooms and the mediocrity of elevator, we are satisfied by our stay. Very well placed for lines of subway and the south point of the island. 
1755 Was surprised to find a nicely tiled bathroom, clean carpet, freshly painted walls, and a desk, sofa, fridge, microwave, cable tv and a clean breakfast area (which was basic with juices, grits, oatmeal, cereal, and muffins). Decent price, safe area, and no problems. Will return if needed. 
1756 Stayed for 2 nights on a mixed business/pleasure trip. Room was huge with a wonderful view. The staff was wonderful and the hotel was, in general, great. Would stay here again in a heartbeat. 
1757 Superb service and staff, excellent room, comfortable beds, excellent internet..what more is there to day? 
1758 The whole experience here was excellent. Great food, brilliant location, affordable and a terrific atmosphere in the bar with really knowledgeable bar staff, who knew the city and gave good recommendations for restaurants. Rooms very spacious and modern. 
1759 Ottimo hotel a 10 min da times square. Struttura nuova e moderna, personale gentile e disponibile, ottima pulizia. Per colazione sono offerti ottimi muffins e bevande calde. Le camere sono piccole, cosi come lo sono in tutta NY. Ottima anche la zona: centrale e circondata da locali e ristoranti. Consigliatissimo! 
1760 Charming boutique hotel in a great neighborhood! Pillows, bed, rain shower head, and robes were better than I've had at more expensive hotels. View was meh and suite layout was odd but overall it was a lovely stay. 
1761 Great spot for; - Cruising the Highline - Drinks at the Bier cafe downstairs - Views of the Statue of Liberty (very small I admit) - People-watching crazies and beautiful people - Trendy food joints - Shopping in some hip and exxy points 
1762 The elegance of this hotel was so unique but the staff were always available for any of our needs. We felt very much at home here and hope others learn of our secret of "Hotel Indigo." Can't wait to go back. 
1763 great location for business trips, good value - try the wonderful omelets for breakfast. Ask for a room on the backside away from the freeway if you are noise sensitive. We love this hotel and stay here often. 
1764 nice clean hotel. Very nice staff. There's a Friday's attached and they offer room service which is a nice touch. Several hotels in the same enclosed area so it's easy to walk to one that has a Starbucks, etc. Shuttle runs to Midway every 20 minutes. 
1765 Stayed here on recommendation of Trailfinders. They were right - good value, staff helpful and free shuttles downtown and to museums. Very convenient for Grant Park. Easy to get shuttles to/from airport. 
1766 This was my fourth stay at the Carlton and as usual, it exceeded expectations. From the concierge ensuring my business meetings went smoothly to the organized business center - hard to risk going anywhere else now. Would highly recommend for both business and personal. 
1767 This hotel is located right on Time square. The room was spacious and well maintained. Service was good. A bit pricey but worth it. 
1768 What a great little gem. We enjoyed the bar so much. Great music, nice crowd and great drinks. The view of the city is spectacular. Truly a perfect ending to a wondeful night in NYC! 
1769 Very clean, friendly staff, close to everything. A very enjoyable experience. 
1770 As usual my stay at the Tribeca Grand was exceptional. A gracious and impecably adorned hotel with the feel of a intimate gathering of friends. Highly recommended for business stays and for a romantic interlude. 
1771 The Westin Times square is located in a great area.The staff is very friendly and the rooms are very comfortable with all the modern conveniences.I highly suggest you consider staying at this unique hotel 
1772 The Waldorf Astoria is everything you'd expect from a 5 star New York City Hotel. Absolute luxury and first class service. Personally speaking, the location is a little too tourist friendly but I can't fault the hotel. The service was fantastic. 
1773 I have stayed in many places in NYC and this is the place I return to. It is very convenient and within walking distance of Penn Station. It is clean, in good condition, and reasonably priced. It is down the street from Macy's. 
1774 This was a perfect place to stay for our first trip to NYC. The hotel was clean and comfortable, location was perfect and the service was excellent. We will definitely stay here again. 
1775 awesome spot, good location get a room that overlooks time square if you can swing it! 
1776 Nice clean, centrally-located hotel. Pleasant room was on the small side but clean and quiet. Nice feature, near the elevators on each floor was a cooler dispensing filtered water with a supply of 1/2 liter plastic bottles. Free wifi 
1777 the hotel is just great. excellent stuff, very large rooms, very comfortable and have all the appliances needed. the hotel is very quiet and its located at the heart of the city. i realy recommend this hotel and really thank them for the great experience. 
1778 Habitaciones pequenas,cucarachas en las alfonbras,despues del monton.Lo salva la excelente ubicacion,no condice precio con calidad 
1779 found this hotel on a last minute site.. It has to be the perfect location in Chelsea... 14 blocks from time square and 14 to greenwhich village.. clean.. great staff... fantastic service... would stay again and recommend this hotel to my friends.. 
1780 Hotel was about 3 block from the city centre. So a little walk to the hotel, otherwise taxi's if you're rushing. Hotel was lovely and clean, Service was great. Two people shared a dble room. Rooms a little small but otherwise perfect. Beds comfortable. Clean bathrooms. Everything supplied. 
1781 The location is very convenient for everything. The cleanliness is awesome. The service provides was timely and thorough. Overall, this experience was consistent with my Westin stays. Globally they do it up right. 
1782 Seems more like a Courtyard than a Marriott. Very close to the American Girl store. Was on the 16th floor and I found it to be very noisy. No concierge lounge on weekends. 
1783 We have stayed at this property MANY times and our return speaks volumes. It is run very well and has great amenities. Great rooms and beds!! 
1784 Clean and spacious room, great breakfast, staff was excellent. Clean and spacious room, great breakfast, staff was excellent. Clean and spacious room, great breakfast, staff was excellent. Clean and spacious room, great breakfast, staff was excellent. 
1785 Good Location,bed very comfy(slept like logs),room bit worn,but clean and tidy,good shower with plenty of hot water,bath was very small,but was fun trying to get into it,staff were very friendly and helpful,that could not be said about all new yorkers ,overall excellent 50TH birthday pressie,would recommend new york,and hotel 
1786 Efficient staff and helpful concierge but bar staff unbelievably arrogant and aloof. Good rooms, comfortable beds and we had a good view of Broadway. Noisy traffic but hey this is NYC. convenient for Central Park and Midtown. 
1787 Stayed for one night. Room was basic BUT very clean. Bathroom was spotless. Is set up more like a boarding house. We stayed in a basic dbl. No complaints. 
1788 This is one of my favourite btq hotels. Small rooms but very classy and great service. Great location, the bar and room service and drinks are amazing. The food is great. I have stayed here couple of times, and always had great service to look forward. to 
1789 Too big hotel , absolutely impersonal , location is good if you want to be uptown but my advice is try another place. 
1790 On my last trip I was stunned by the new upgrades, the location is perfect, staff is friendly, it has become my go to hotel in NYC these days 
1791 The location is ideal, the hotel is handsome, and the room was superb, comfortable and had a great view of Michigan Ave. For some reason managed to get an excellent price. 
1792 on weekends the pool, sauna and steam room area is out of bounds because they are transformed into a gay club so music may be too loud for those on the lower floors. otherwise excellent location and facility 
1793 Very small room but in great location. If you just want to sleep in the room while travelling NYC, this is a great place. 
1794 If you are in the mood for a great weekend get away look no further then the Fairmont Chicago. An excellent property with breath taking views within walking distance to great art, shopping and just a short walk or cab to word class dinning. A complete package. 
1795 Evelyn was a gem and helped our family enjoy our first stay in NYC and a Crowne Plaza Hotel! Thank you, Evelyn! Staying in the center of all the action was very convenient, especially when stowing and picking up luggage! 
1796 beautiful, large rooms. close to the park. great location. 
1797 A sister hotel of the amazing Athenee Palace in Paris and if not at that standard, this aging hotel retains staff that really do care and are not just itinerant hotel workers. Fantastically located, busy and bustling but retaining a fair degree of personal attention. 
1798 We hadn't planned on staying here. It was "assigned" by American Airlines after we had a missed connection to London. The staff was friendly, but the property is well worn. We had a 2nd floor room, and could hear the bar music all too clearly in the room. 
1799 Een vriendlijk gastvrij hotel, met goede verzorging en aandacht voor de gasten. Prima ontbijtje erbij en dat alles voor een redelijke prijs, ook als uitgangspunt om de stad te verkennen, metro vlak bij en ook voor de bus .Gewoon goed en de kamers worden lekker bijgehouden. Gewoon een aanrader 
1800 Quite honestly my experience was sublime! the affore mentioned bar proved to be neither noisy nor crowded. The decor is refined and elegant, and the service attentive. It is an oasis of cool sophistication in the metropolis. I highly reccommend a sojourn there. 
1801 el hotel tiene muchas ventajas: muy buena ubicacion, excelente desayuno, amplias habitaciones, pero sobre todo la atencion de su personal es inmejorable. 
1802 Staff hospitality 3/10 Room cleanliness 6/10 Room condition 5/5 Location 8/10 Business lounge 8/10 Hotel cleanliness 6/10 The worst part is the service and hospitality of the staff, which unfortunately to me are the most vital parts of a hotel. 
1803 While the location was fantastic, and park view beautiful, the rooms are tired looking. Peeling wallpaper, dingy carpeting, rusted heater in the bathroom and lack of coffee maker in room a disappointment. Employees very nice and helpful, but the hotel needs work cosmetically. 
1804 Questo hotel tanto economico si e` rivelato per noi una piacevole sorpresa. La centralita` in cui l'hotel e` posizionato permette una facile visita di tutta la citta`. E` circondato da ottimi caffe` dove fare colazione. Le camere sono spaziose, fresche (quasi fredde) e sempre ben pulite. 
1805 The hotel was beautiful, the entire staff from Valet Parking attendant to the Concierge Manager were all so friendly, courteous and helpful. I loved my stay and will defnitely come again! 
1806 I liked this hotel and would stay again. Having stayed at quite a few different hotels in Manhattan, i rate this as one of my favourite. Good location, nice rooms, decent food and friendly staff. 
1807 We stayed for four nights and the hotel was nice especially for a big city location. It is ideally situated. We got breakfast included and that is a bonus as it does work out expensive at nice hotels. Staff were friendly and helpful. 
1808 The hotel at times square is clean and i would recommend it to people who wants a good hotel very very near to times square. It has free wifi, pc with printer and free coffee / tea / chocolate :-) 
1809 The Westin River North is a wonderful home away from home. I have been staying there since September of 2011 and have been very impressed with the friendliness of the staff, the high quality of services they provide, and their recognition of my loyalty to the hotel. 
1810 Confortable and clean. great confort, good beds, clean, nice staff. A bit overpriced. Parking is a scam US$60 PER DAY !!!! 
1811 Great location. Easy to walk the theater district. Easy access to subway. Short walk to 46th street restaurant row. 
1812 Mortifying, but true: Room 2409 is infested with bed bugs. Let's hope the management is taking care of it. Yuck. 
1813 The hotel definitely needs updating but it's solid by NYC standards. It has a great gym and a great breakfast buffet if you're on one of the club floors. 
1814 An absolutely amazing hotel the staff and service were fantastic. We loved the hotel and the history that is part of this wonderful landmark. We will definitely be coming back. 
1815 very clean, good location, excellent value. would certainly stay again. 
1816 Fantastic location and overall nice hotel. Some staff rude but I've been told that's just the way New Yorkers are. Norma's food was amazing and the Burger Joint was spectacular....best burger ive ever had! 
1817 Great hotel. Clean, comfortable, convenient. Friendly staff! Room service was delicious. 
1818 Had a wonderful time staying at this hotel. Great value and a great location. The staff were delightful, and 1would recommend this hotel to everyone. 
1819 Upscale hotel in great neighborhood. I have stayed several times and found the staff to be friendly and helpful. 
1820 Devo dire che ho superato la diffidenza iniziale. Ottimi: location, pulizia e colazione. Personale gentile e riservato. Uscire al mattino e, dopo aver fatto colazione, trovarsi sulla quinta av non ha prezzo. 
1821 its location is what makes it most ideal. service is good though. staff is very friendly and welcoming .the sushi restaurant below is a nice place to dine. It has good utilities like a laundry room on every floor. 
1822 Situated just 2 min. walk from Time Square the New york Inn is perfect for walking around. I found my room clean and quiet. And when I thought I had lost my passport I had the most excellent help and support I could ever ask for! 
1823 The hotel was in a great location for us - close to Broadway plays, good restaurants, great shopping and transportation. We did it all - and enjoyed every bit of it. The staff was upbeat and helpful - the bar and deli were great. I am ready to return soon. 
1824 Very nice hotel, rooms our nice size. staff are very friendly. 
1825 Great location in New York. The rooms are small but this is New York all you need is somewhere to sleep! Very clean, location is quiet busy at night, so felt safe walking back from theatre alone. Highly recommended. 
1826 Hotel super per location e prezzo!! La camera era un po' rumorosa per l'ubicazione su una strada molto trafficata.ricorderemo che l'hotel non accetta cash per nessun motivo!!! Verificate l'accettazione della vostra cc! Cmq camera carina pulita sempre riassettata e servizio facchinaggio efficiente!!! 
1827 The localization is very convenient and the bed is very comfortable. The girl in front desk gave us a room with a beautiful view to Buckingham fouintan because was our first tim in Chicago, very sweet and polite. 
1828 Cant believe the front desk has the nerve to accept money for this dump. I would rather sleep under a bridge. Checked in for a week and stayed 12 hours. Filthy dump 
1829 Rooms are small but extremely well organized! The whole experience from room to staff was outstanding. 
1830 Good value for your money. Cleaning was the only thing we wasn't satisfied with. Nice upcoming area with alot of restaurants and bars. 
1831 I forgot to review the hotel when we stayed. Great location - great breakfast at Norma's. The hamburger place is also very good and you don't have to wait on the line if you are staying at the hotel. 
1832 The hotel is good, the location is great, the room is clean. The attendant Drita was very friendly and helpful in our late check out. But careful, the hotel charge rate of receipt of goods, even with the guest in the room waiting by the products. 
1833 stayed for 3 nights and was glad to leave. rooms cramped and hotel overpriced. 
1834 This is a mediocre hotel charging few hundred dollar per night and no free internet! Rooms are claustrophobic matchbox holes. Location is great though! Don't stay unless you have business in Manhattan 
1835 Nice large rooms (for NYC). The staff was very helpful. This hotel is right in the middle of everything. The TKTS booth was right across the street. I would stay here again. 
1836 The room was small and very careless. The roof have stains and the bathroom was dirty. I have to shower with my flip-flops!!!. DONT STAY IN THIS HOTEL. 
1837 myself and a friend just got back from new york and stayed here loved the hotel and the staff were just so friendly and couldn't do enough for us 
1838 we,re due to go back soon and wouldn't stay anywhere else had fantastic time !!! 
1839 The hotel is beautiful. Customer service could not be better. Michael, the doorman, was helpful in every way.....he gave us great restaurant recommendations, fast and friendly service in every way. He made us feel like the James was our home away from home. 
1840 Stayed at the Paramount on a Sunday night, my first time staying over in NYC. Great front desk staff, So cool lobby and a fantastic breakfast buffet. Great location too! 
1841 Stayed at the warwick for 2 nights and found the staff excellent and helpful. Upon arrival We were upgraded to a very spacious deluxe room with great views over 6th Avenue. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring manhatten and we will definitely stay again. 
1842 This Affinia 50 hotel is one of the best bargains in New York City.The staff was very freindly. 
1843 Amazing service, ask and you shall receive and a great location, modern contemporary elegance. 
1844 I really really liked that hotel, it was in a very nice place, easy to reach with any means; the service was perfect , the price is effordable and worthy and people very gentle. 
1845 it was ok no view hard time paying cash, coincerge was pleasent room was overpriced 
1846 This hotel is an exceellent choice for your stay in the big apple. It is conviently located to shopping,(eg Macys on 34 st) dinning, the theatre district, madison squrae garden and a host of other interesting big apple sites. 
1847 Good location if you want to be in midtown near Times Square. Rooms are HUGE, great service and staff. Would recommend and go back in a heartbeat. 
1848 Beautiful hotel, room is very clean. The only downfall was the distance from times square. But if youre looking for something quieter, this is your place to stay! 
1849 If you are visiting Methodist Hospital the location can't be beat. Ok rooms, great service, weekday prices are outrageous though! The staff were very nice! 
1850 It was a great exciting place to stay in downtown Chicago. It was clean, it was in the center of downtown of every thing. Wonderful Breakfast, wonderful pool for the whole family. At the end of the day it is great stay. 
1851 My family stayed at the Hilton on New years eve... the location is perfect the staff was wonderful and every thing could not have been better... we could see the ball drop from my room. 
1852 Very convenient location--so much right outside your door! A few blocks one direction is Times Square, and a few there other way is Rockefellar Center. Breakfast was standard Comfort Inn fare, but with New York bagels. I would stay here again. 
1853 Buen trato, limpio, muy accesible para silla de ruedas, con habitaciones con barras en la pared, camas amplias y bien ubicado cerca de central park .La piscina esta muy, tiene un gimnasio sencillito pero bueno y un buen restaurante. 
1854 lovely hotel and delightful bar and staff - loved the late night chat! 
1855 Stayed there for 3 nights. Great hotel with a convenient location. Awesome views of TImes Square. Friendly staff. Rooms are generously sized, clean and updated. Two Starbucks onsite. Well equipped fitness facility - with a view of Times Square from the treadmills. Flawless billing and check-in. 
1856 Spent two weeks. Very antiquated. 13" TV and the remote didn't work. Cracks in the ceiling and very little soundproofing. I must admit the elevators are good. 
1857 We had a weekend at this location for St Patrick's.....fantastic location and experience overall, service was great, rooms are clean......had the PERFECT view!!! As a Hyatt member I have never been disappointed, thank you!!! 
1858 Hotel in ottima posizione, principali attrazioni raggiungibili a piedi, Macy's ad un isolato! Le camere sono accoglienti e pulite, quando prenotate richiedete la doppia rinnovata, la quale possiede 2 bagni in camera. Personale cordiale e disponibile! 
1859 As per regular Westin standard. Late night menu is very limited though, if end up checking in late. 
1860 Definitely nothing to rave about. I liked the hotel, it is clean and not too expensive. The broadway view is definitely the perk of this hotel. Otherwise I don't think it is that great of a place. It is clean and food is decent. 
1861 Such a great place! We are going back again next month and hopefully more times int he future. I really recommend this place 
1862 It is a decent Hotel offering great location & great value for money. It offers very fast wifi, which is great help for persons on business trip. The rooms are small & the food in the cafeteria is poor 
1863 staff friendly but expect all of the inefficiencies of a large institution....calls for customer assistance on hold for 5 minutes each time; A/C broken in our suite, wait in line for concierge....stuff you might expect with a discount hotel. Probably won't be back. 
1864 Wow-I really enjoyed this Hilton Garden Inn because the rooms, bar, food, and service was impeccable. LaLa was a big help and provided excellent customer service. This was another business trip for me and I would recommend it to any business traveller or vacationer. 
1865 I came here for a one day visit and ended extending my stay for a lil over a week. it is a very futuristic hotel.. The staff was amazingly helpful especially the night crew (etienne,ben,jesina,joanna)..i will defintly be back !! 
1866 We've stayed here about 6 times and have never had a bad stay. The rooms are fairly good sized for NYC standards. The location is awesome if you are going to broadway shows. 
1867 It is so easy to walk to theatre and shoping from this comfortable hotel. The staff could not be more helpful. There was a VIP in residence during our stay and we were not inconvenienced at all. 
1868 I just want to mention what an outstanding Manager you have in Aurelia Gaskin. She was very friendly and helpful to myself and co-workers. 
1869 Great bed and shower, Location cannot be beat. I try and stay here whenever I come to NYC on business. 
1870 Very impressive, big surprise when we walked into our room. Room was large, very tastefully furnished with quaint window seat overlooking parts of Time Square. Room extremely clean and great attention to detail, bathroom good size with L' Occitane products, very special. Our stay included breakfast which was excellent. 
1871 Great stay! Super clean, fast elevators, small but nice free breakfast, excellent staff. Will definitely stay here again. Not one complaint! 
1872 This hotel is across the street and offers shuttle service to the medical center. They have a cont. breakfast and indoor pool at reasonable rates, also an underground parking garage at no charge but with limited spaces. We were happy to find it. 
1873 Nice hotel, clean, on 42 nd street 3 blocks from Time Square. Nice pool and free parking... fine that in Time Square. Price fair for location. We had 4 per room and there was lots of room.I would stay again. 
1874 Great location and amazing service. If you want the highest quality in terms of bed, sofa, carpet, etc, you probably should book a 4.5 - 5 star hotel. 
1875 es un hotel ubicado en la mejor zona de times square, super comodo, con unas vistas impresionantes, sobre todo si te toca un piso alto, y con muy buenos servicios. 
1876 Did a stopover in NYC on a recent road trip with my son and stayed at Eventi. I really like Kimpton hotels and this one did not disappoint. The room was very comfy and the staff was friendly and very helpful. i would definitely stay here again. 
1877 Clean room, great location,breakfast room well stocked and well maintained.will stay there again. It would encourage longer stays if the nightly costs were lower. How about an AARP discount for seniors? 
1878 I really recommend this hotel. Smaller of what I thought but we didn't need more than that. Very clean and staff extremely helpful. I would definitely stay here again. Around the corner there is a great dinner to have breakfast. 
1879 Nice and clean motel. But for business travelers, your not up to current trends like something simple as Internet Access. Not even Dial-Up!! Please get with the times. I have to go to a cafe to do work on the internet. 
1880 Visited in July 2004, Location excellent, rooms clean, staff extremely attentive, hotel quiet. What else do you need? Will stay here again on next visit. 
1881 El hotel esta excelente el servicio es muy amable y te ayudan en todas las dudas que tengas, las habitaciones son suites asi que tienen cocina y una mesa de trabajo. en cuestion de ubicacion esta a unas cuantas cuadras de times square. 
1882 Stayed here for 2 nights. Room was a little old fashioned but this added to the charm. Public areas were elegant 
1883 Staff were polite and effecient. The staff at the Concierge desk were very knowledgeable about all aspects of the city. Would stay here again 
1884 This is my favorite hotel in Houston! Also good service and clean rooms. Parking next to the hotel and its free. Try 'The Grill' a nice and cosy restaurant next to the hotel in the mall. 
1885 We took a weekend trip to Chicago for my birthday and stayed here. This hotel is extraordinary-from the renowned lobby to the rooms to the views to the location to the service,etc! We could not have stayed at a better place...highly recommended! 
1886 what a fab location the staff were great and would stay there again on my next trip 
1887 Great Hotel in a great location. All the stuff was very helpful and pleasant. The rooms and the hotel were very clean. Nearby is a Metro station and all the major attractions are in walking distance 
1888 The concierge was very helpful 
1889 We stayed on a Saturday night and the hotel was quite busy. Nevertheless, we were upgraded to a 30th floor park-view room without even asking, due to our Gold SPG status. We were impressed with the lack of noise. 
1890 We loved the location of this hotel and the concierge Eric was really nice. We can't wait for the restaurant to open 
1891 Excellent location to the magnificent mile shopping & restaurants. The room was great and front desk service was second to none. The staff were very friendly and accomodating. I would stay in this location again. 
1892 Great location, friendly staff all over; from check-in to concierge (very helpful and knowledgeable!) to bell man to bar and restaurant staff - you always feel welcome! A historic place with a warmth and charm to come back to. 
1893 If you are going to be downtown, this is the hotel to stay at. I had one of the best hotel sleeps ever - the bed was wonderful. 
1894 Great experience the staff was very friendly, the room and bathroom was spacious and clean, quiet room and nicely decorated, 1/2 block away from 7th. Avenue. I highly recommend this Hotel. it also has FREE Wi-Fi and breakfast. 
1895 Stayed here a number of times, good sized rooms, good value, centrally located, would recommend. 
1896 Un personnel aux petits soins, une architecture impressionnante, une chambre agreable, un cote impersonnel et un restaurant pas du tout a la hauteur. La reception date un peu des annees 80 
1897 The hotel is very clean, rooms feel new, staff is courteous and very helpful and friendly. I suppose the rooms are small, but what do you expect for $200 a night in Times Square? You really cannot beat the location. I would highly recommend. 
1898 great views, great locations, ok staff, hotel a bit dated but well worth considering. Swiming on the 27th floor was interesting. See if you can get a corner room. Mine looked straight at the crysler tower and the empire state 
1899 Nice remodeling. All business amenities provided. Small bathroom. Surprisingly quiet for its location with modern sound dampening windows. Friendly staff. Restaurant food is unimaginative and not especially good. Good access to Kennedy expressway and CTA blue line. Airport shuttle service provided. 
1900 My favourite hotel! Everything is excellent...staff service, lovely room,Very clean. I loved pool , restaurant, bar, lobby, etc... wonderful customer service I'll be back soon............................................................ 
1901 Great location, however the hotel rooms were very outdated. The bar and resturant on site were great. The bathrom vent ran all night. We closed the bathroom door, which helped. 
1902 Ottimo Hotel in posizione invidiabilissima. Pulizia delle camere eccellente, personale disponibile ed efficiente. La struttura molto recente. Unici nei poca scelta nella colazione e ascensori in numero inadeguato rispetto al numero dei piani. Ma comunque, a parte questo, se dovessi tornare a new york sceglierei lo stesso albergo. 
1903 Family of 5 stayed in adjoining rooms with mini fridge which was cheaper and had more room than a suite in another hotel with only 1 bathroom. Location was great, hotel staff was helpful - enjoyed our stay immensely. 
1904 Hotel familiar, bien las habitaciones (Tower Suite) pero muy ruidosas por la calefaccion,cuando se ponia en funcionamiento. los colchones son muy incomodos y se clavaban los muelles sobre todo los del sofa cama y pedimos que nos lo cambiaran, limitandose a poner otro encima en iguales condiciones.6 dias 
1905 Hotel is over priced and the staff was rude and unprofessional. Service is virtually non existant. Beware. 
1906 Clean, spacious, comfortable, quiet. Great ambience and service. Walk to Broadway theaters, Central Park, Rockefeller, shopping, etc. Requested upper view room to not face inside brick wall and street noise. Got best rate a week ahead on hotel's own website. Definitely recommend and would stay there again! Thank you Warwick! 
1907 All the tour buses both red and yellow start and finish on the corner of Times Square so we had everything at our finger tips. A/C gave out that night. Quickly fixed by hotels maintanence engineer named Ally. 
1908 We stayed at the San Carlos for 5 days over Thanksgiving and it was just perfect. The rooms are large for NYC standards. Very easy access, convenient location, clean and confortable rooms. No luxuries but well kept. 
1909 location, location, location - within walking distance of Michigan Avenue, the Lake, etc. Rooms vary in size from tiny to very comfortable for similar rates. Kitchy room decorations are fun and work. Would certainly stay here for our next visit. 
1910 This hotel offers good value for money. Very good location, -central Manhattan. No flashy reception, but nice and spacious rooms, a little old fashioned though 
1911 Helpfull and serviceminded receptionists and consieges. 
1912 I stayed at the Southgate Tower from 21 to 26 May. I had a studio suite. Very Spacious, Very Clean. Staff helpful and friendly.Location excellent.Would highly recommend this hotel. I am diabetic and kitchenette made my management very easy! 
1913 Great Location(central park,Times square,theatre district,5th ave.,Rockefeller centre) are all within walking distance. Good service. Excellent rooms, very spacious, a touch from the past...reasonably priced! 
1914 The location is excellent, you can walk to times square and additional there is a metro station near from the hotel. The room was clean and comfortable, the staff was nice. I would stay in this hotel again. 
1915 Great views, very quiet rooms, adjoining as requested and the beds are great. Bathrooms poor as are the bedrooms, tired in a word and in need of some TLC. Good quiet location and feels very safe. Spend some money on the rooms and it would be great. 
1916 I had a wonderful time with my family at the Dream. Staff was attentive to our needs & a great & safe environment for my family & myself. Thank You. Ceasar Ruiz 
1917 Great service. We stayed 3 nights. My 1st time in America. Room had no bed for our neice on arrival. Room swapped within 2 minutes. Great hotel service/ tourist advice/ cab arranged back to airport for us. GREAT pancakes!! 
1918 You can't beat the locaion for this hotel. Close to everything and convenient. Clean hotel andvery comfortable. Recommended. 
1919 They said it was updated in 2010, but other than new pictures on the wall, I'm not sure what was updated. You could hear everything from every nearby room and it smelled awful. The location is somewhat convenient, but I would never stay here again. 
1920 Flight to Chicago was cancelled but still charged for full night room. Decided to stay next night and was not offered any kind of upgrade or apology or reason to come back. Fees for fitness center and inattentive to room issues 
1921 The hotel was nice. And a great choice we enjoyed or stay extremely. 
1922 this has to be the best hotel in houston nice big rooms more like a Apt. then a hotel room I had all I needed and more 
1923 Great hotel, friendly staff, perfect location, walking distance to Time's square. Highly recommend the tower suite! We were on the 39th floor with an awesome view of the city and the empire state building. 
1924 I stayed in the hotel for a business conference. Rooms were spacious, clean modern. Maybe just one step below a truly deluxe hotel, but very good value for the price. Another plus is the location. it is a very nice area, near a beautiful park and the galleria. 
1925 awesome hotel for a ladies weekend getaway...must stay again..service was amazing and easy access to downtown` 
1926 Loved it, Great location, Great rooms, Loved it, 5 min walk to Time square, cant beat that. Great price 
1927 Stayed here on May 4th for one night with my husband. Room had a brilliant view and was worth the money for one night. Loved the idea of getting a lift to the check in area and door man checked your keys in the evening. Felt very safe. 
1928 Beautiful public spaces and great mid-town location. It's expensive so you need to find a deal on the internet. Don't buy anything at the hotel as it's way over-priced. 
1929 Just a big kudos to the hotel - wonderful staff and location!! I recently have been traveling to the area and am certainly happy I joined the Hilton Family of brands- Doubletree Rocks!! 
1930 The Whitehall has been an icon in Chicago for decades. Although the hotel is showing its age, the location is fab, the bed amazing, and breakfast terrific, we still got a really cheap rate which included in and out valet parking and breakfast! 
1931 Stayed here 10/8 - 10/10/10. Great location, great price. Room is small but clean. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. 
1932 Travelled for Xmas 2011 with family. Comfy beds and clean bathroom. Foyer was comfortable use of iPads and wifi. Perfect location just off times square. Lovely Italian takeaway next door! Would definately come back here again. 
1933 I like this hotel -they get the business traveler needs but it's not too corporate. Not as pretentious as the Standard! Walk right across the street to Spice Market, Dos Caminos and Patisserie. Small but workable gym is a plus as well as easy access to cabs. 
1934 Fantastic clean and helpful hotel. Great base in which to go out and explore and shop. Rooms nice size. Relaxed and warming hotel. Would recommend a stay here. Free fridge, wifi and safe in room are real bonus 
1935 So happy with our choice to stay at Washington Square Hotel. It's only a couple of blocks from multitudes of restaurants, and one block from the subway. The neighbourhood was quiet and safe. The free buffet breakfast was a bonus. Would definitely come back. 
1936 I had a very nice stay at this hotel. The lobby is beautiful and Rooms are fabulous. Indoor pool was great. Thanks to the hotel manager Tara. She was extremely friendly and helpful. Thank you for making our stay memorable. we will definitely stay there again. 
1937 The room was small and outdated. The internet barely worked (I assume they have improved it since). Otherwise it is a very nice old school grand New York Hotel. Otherwise I would recommend the New Yorker and stay there again. Penn Station and Madison Square Garden are right next door. 
1938 Small rooms, old fashioned, dirty, bleak, would not recommend this place 
1939 Great location, beautiful room, modern, clean and spacious. Worth the visit. 
1940 The hotel was wonderful. The atmosphere was great and the staff members were very attentive. Loved the doorman Hector Isaza who really made my family feel special. Thanks Hector! 
1941 The room was small, but quite functional. The location was great (especially if you need access to the Javitz center). The customer service was exceptional! I will definitely stay in this hotel on my next trip for business in New York City 
1942 The room was nice enough and was clean enough 
1943 I was disappointed that we had such a bad view. The location was very close to Times Square and we walked to the Empire State Bldg. I was not impressed enough however to stay here again. 
1944 I can't believe we found a hotel on Park Ave. for 116-dollars a night. The rooms are small, but aren't they all in NYC? It was clean and well worth the price. I'll go back. 
1945 the hotel lobby was big and beautiful and very old work classic. The rooms were a good size. The bed was very comfortable and restful. Location was great for shopping and getting around only 3 blocks from penn state station. 
1946 We stayed here last weekend for three days and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. It is within walking distance to everything, really close to the Willis Tower and Magnificent Mile. The room was really nice too. Only complaint was that our window was opague. 
1947 I have stayed here few times 
1948 I m happy to recommend this hotel.great service, friendly and helpful staff. 
1949 basic room and service. Nothing special My keys kept deactivating? 
1950 This is an older hotel but was in good shape. The rooms were clean, but exterior maintenance needed to be updated. Parking lot riddled with potholes. Cant beat the price and location. Good places to eat and shop nearby. 
1951 Guest relations staff is quite helpful with all questions. I was assisted by Annmara Gayle at the hotel relations desk and she could not have been more delightful and helpful.. 
1952 I have recently stayed at the Peninsula 1 night for business and all I can say is it is worth every penny. Great Hotel, Great service and Great location. The room that I have stayed was small but enough for 1 nights business stay, 
1953 7 friends shared two hotel rooms in June 2011 and loved our experience. The room was a nice size and we loved the kitchen. Great location. Fabulous breakfast. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Our experience could not have been any better. 
1954 The hotel is beautiful, but the service is horrible. If you have any problems, they have great difficulty in meeting you. Especially in the lobby bar. The girl in the bar said to my face that would not serve me!! absurd!! 
1955 I loved this hotel! Very convenient to the Magnificent Mile and Navy Pier. Both within walking distance. The concierge was very helpful in pointing out other attractions and modes of transportation. Rooftop pool was very refreshing. The room was very clean and comfortable. Definitely will book a return trip. 
1956 War zufrieden mit Lage und Ausstattung des Hotels, von dem aus ich schnell viele interessante Orte erreichen konnte. 
1957 Have stayed in NYC MANY times in the last 15 years and with the exception of the far pricier Four Seasons, this is the best. Gorgeous rooms, bed and sheets wonderful, terrific beside lighting. Friendly, helpful staff eager to help you make the most of your visit. Highly recommended 
1958 Me and my girlfriend lived here for 4 nights now in october/November 2008. No problems with anything. The shared bathroom was always clean and the room as well. Cant complaine about anything really! 
1959 our first visit to NY , visiting our daughter who has been there for 5 months, grat location, very comfortable bed, plenty of hot water, staff were very friendly and efficient, had a room at the back on 4th floor, quiet , as mentioned buy others lift can be slow 
1960 Stayed here after getting stranded in Chicago last month. The rooms are nice...clean and current. The restaurant had a nice beer selection and a great burger! Will definately look here next time I'm headed to Chicago 
1961 Muy buen hotel, admisiion rapida , trato en general muy bueno. La habitacion espaciosa , limpia , a pesar del ruido de la calle , silenciosa 
1962 En general , Muy bueno y para volver 
1963 Stayed at this great hotel 3 days before Christmas, the staff could not have been nicer or more helpful. One of the cleanest hotel I have stayed in. Would recomenned this hotel to anyone that wants to be in the middle of everything. 
1964 Ho soggiornato 3 notti in questa struttura. Posizione fantastica a 100 metri dalla 5th avenue e 500 metri da Times Square. Stanza non troppo piccola rispetto agli standard di NY. Convenzionato con il top of the rock. Un'accortezza specificate che volete la stanza lontana dal motore dell'aria condizionata. 
1965 Fine as a base for exploring NY and not wanting to pay too much - although every hotel room in NY is very expensive! Rooms were clean and shared bathrooms no problem - always clean and usually empty. Reception staff very helpful. 
1966 Stayed there on Oct. 4th: Pros: Very Nice Staff Location, location, location, location Nice Price Clean rooms Good continental breakfast Coffee 24 hours per day comfortable beds Cons: Postage stamp size rooms very slow elevator 
1967 The Sanctuary is a fantastic place to stay in Manhattan. The rooms are clean, beds are comfortable and the hotel staff goes out of their way to accommodate the guests. I look forward to staying at the Sanctuary again on my next business trip. Convenient continental breakfast as well. 
1968 This was a fantastic break just what I needed, I had been on a very demanding Sales course for the preceeding three weeks and as such was ready for a well earned break, really enjoyed the stay superb, Hotel Clean good value excellent staff well done recommended. 
1969 smooth friendly check-in, comfy, very quiet, well-appointed room, large clean bathroom, delicious 33 brassiere restuarant tucked in the back of the first floor, perfect romantic treat for midtown...Highly recommended, especially for theatre shows.... 
1970 The hotel beautifully decorated, the staff friendly. Manny the front desk manager is a delight! We plan to return!! We walked very short distances to everything!! 
1971 Helpful/receptive staff, pleasant room, in a relatively quiet part of Manhattan while it's walking distance to any midtown destination, and Grand Central. Will return. 
1972 Excellent location - Times Square, a block from subway station, excellent proximity to theaters. Hotel bar had nice atmosphere, great views, but pricey. Great workout facility. Clean hotel, comfortable rooms. Outlet for same day discounted Broadway tickets adjacent to hotel. I found staff to be helpful and friendly. 
1973 Good business hotel. Good location near an Outback Steakhouse for dinner (easy walking distance across the parking lot). This is a slightly older property but still maintains Hampton Inn standards. I would definitely stay here again while in the Houston area. 
1974 Clean room, relatively quiet for so close to the highway. Close to airport. Decent Continental Breakfast bar w/ waffle machine (my diets downfall). 
1975 A truly lovely small hotel close to Times Square, theatres and restaurants. Located in 2 New York town houses I felt totally at home here and loved my comfortable, quiet room. The staff are unobtrusive but ready to help when asked. Highly recommended for the independent traveller 
1976 I thoroughly enjoyed my trip at this hotel. the location is great. The Front Desk's customer service was excellent.The only negative is the size of the room,but, it is downtown Chicago.I would most definitely return to this hotel. 
1977 I just stayed at the Westin Chicago River North and the staff is very seasoned and professional. The location can't be beat! Carrie in the business center is absolutely wonderful. I will definitely return. 
1978 Enjoyed our stay in the candle wood suites. Great location an helpful staff. Would recommend to others and would stay here again. 
1979 El Hotel Carter esta super bien situado. A media cuadra del Time Square. la habitacion es comoda, la encontramos limpia, suficiente para un turista: descansar y dormir. y el precio esta muy bien para la ubicacion 
1980 We stayed at the Waldorf Astoria in early July 2005 and loved it. Room was very large with fiire place and an uninterrupted view of the Chrysler Building. The location was perfect. We wouldnt stay anywhere else in NYC! 
1981 Went to newyorker hotel feb 2011 room dreadful small,cold ,clausterphobic got ripped off by taxi arranged bt hotel got 100 dollers back lost out on 220dollors does this make it okay? No courtesy car 
1982 Would'nt stay here again only bonus diner was nice 
1983 Posizione eccellente, ambiente giovanile e divertentissimo, camere piccole ma ottimamente arredate ed allestite. Un ambiente davvero ideale per vivere New York secondo lo spirito del luogo! 
1984 This beautiful facility has excellent service at every level. It also has high quality, on-time room service. The rooms are well appointed and very comfortable. The doorman was extremely helpful as were the bellman and the front desk. The exercise facility has good aerobics but little else. 
1985 I am a former (budget) travel writer, and I send my friends to the Wolcott for its historic beauty, central location, and good rates. Its web sites quotes many of my colleagues sahying the same. Bern Marcowitz 
1986 This is a nice hotel, nothing fancy, but clean & a good nights sleep. I love the location, with respect to the nearness of the Galleria Mall for shopping & its impressive ice rink. 
1987 Difficult to beat this for a location in downtown. Close to the main shopping areas & lots of good bars & food places close by. Good amenities, well equipped rooms & helpul staff. Not the cheapest place in town but you get what you pay for. 
1988 Looking at the reviews, we are really excited for our upcoming stay at the Onmi Berkshire. We are looking forward to the great service, as well as great accomodations with views as described in the reviews. Will certainly update again once we are back from our trip!! 
1989 We liked it all at the Iroquois hotel. Location, service, staff, beds. Everyone was very nice and helpful. Would stay again. 
1990 Hotel com boa localizacao perto do Central Park, metro o que permite facil acesso ao JFK. Bom cafe da manha porem muito concorrido para o espaco disponivel. Quarto com bom espaco, faz falta um frigobar. Bom preco levando-se em conta que se esta em NY. 
1991 recent stay at the intercontinental was very nice. the rooms are nice, bathroom a little small but certainly manageable. the lobby is beautiful. enjoyed having the starbucks right there and centrally located with easy access to downtown, the pier etc. would def stay there again. 
1992 Lovely hotel Very clean Breakfast was good Staff very helpful Centrally located Could not fault it Very impressed 
1993 I don't know what beds the previous posters have slept on but the bed we got was so hard I was unable to sleep. So much for a comfortable bed. The bliss spa products were awsome though. 
1994 Great stay.. rate was reasonable (under $200/night) and was clean, nicely appointed and close to many of the things I like to do in NY (Times Square, Madison Square Garden, etc.). 
1995 I would not recommend this hotel, the rooms are tiny and uncomfortable, the lift was often broken and did not work. 
1996 2 nigths and nobody went to clean my ugly room. Frontdesk staff not friendly also the manager sunday sept 16 he never came out to fix my situation. Rate $259.00 very expensive for anything. Rooms need remodelations. 
1997 Hotel posizionato in zona centrale, ottime camere e servizi 
1998 My stay at Affinia dumont was beyond expectation! Really helpful desk, good location close to everything and reasonably priced for NY hotels. Room were clean, good size rooms, good bathroom etc. Internet not too fast, but well. 
1999 Rude, un helpful staff, dark dingy small rooms with poor facilities. Spoilt whole trip and should have stayed in the Marriott across the road. 
2000 Very nice and helpfull staff. Clean room on 34th floor. Amazing view on Empire State Building. Only 10 minutes walk from Grand Central Station. Swiminng pool, gym and full size tennis court on 38th floor. Rooms starting from 28th floor. Small problems with the TV set. 
2001 great hotel we are patients at md anderson and this is a great place to stay 
2002 Worse. Hotel. Ever. Avoid the other reviews. This hotel is the worst in Manhattan. Loud. Stinky. No room service or mini-bar. Terrible service. Stay anyplace else than here. This hotel will ruin your vacation. One star is too much. This place is a negative star. 
2003 We spent two nights and didn't have a single complaint. The room was not huge but a good size for the amount of time we spent in it. Very good service from check-in to check-out. 
2004 Quest'hotel e' abbastanza buono. Nonostante sia abbastanza caro, si trova perfettamente nel centro di Manhattan. A due passi dalla famigerata 5th avenue, da Times Square e dall'Hard Rock Cafe...che dire, e' posizionato molto bene, ed e' anche abbastanza lussuoso. 
2005 Habitacion muy comodas y grandes,, super buen servicio y ubicacion. Todo esta cerca. Las habitacion son perfectas para 4 personas. 
2006 Rooms were large and beautifully decorated!! Staff was helpful & friendly. Very comfortable bed!! 
2007 Hotel 41 has it all: great location, really nice rooms (all NYC rooms are small, btw) and a fun, night-time bar scene. Staff is professional and best of all...the place is QUIET. That is a true rarity in New York. 
2008 My wife and I stayed there 4 days and it was quiet and clean.I like the how close it was to downtown. The staff was very nice. Chad was very helpful to me when I called from n.c. We plan to stay there again. 
2009 A unas cuadras de Galerias, con servicio de transporte al centro comercial y los alrededores. Personal sumamente amable. Cuartos muy agradables con todos los servicios, solo el internet un poco lento. 
2010 Staff were very friendly and helpful. Rooms were large and bed very comfortable. Noisy at night only if window was left open. Lovely pizza shop around the corner. Excellent location for sightseeing and shopping. Would definately stay here again. 
2011 This is a great hotel in a great location. There are refurbishments underway but the place still seem fresh and clean. All of the staff are friendly and helpfull. Couldn't ask for more. 
2012 very old hotel needed up dating, you get what you pay for. hotel internal pictures misleading. 
2013 Very clean, nice linens, super staff-manager Jose Miranda interacted with the guests in the evening. Secured parking was very nice. Will be back. 
2014 The Blakely is a boutique hotel with very good size rooms, excellent sevice and very well located. A bit noisy due to the construction across the street. Easy subway access and walking distance to many attracions midtown. 
2015 Staff at this hotel are very friendly Special thanks to laurice Viola for sorting the hotel out due to the flight disruption caused by the volcano would have had 5 star but for the price of a bottle of stella $9.00 
2016 Hotel in posizione strategica a 50mt da Times Square. Camere ampie e bagno pulito, arredamento essenziale ma pratico. Stupidamente ho chiesto la camera sulla strada, piuttosto rumorosa. 
2017 Great location. Very friendly staff. Clean. Loved the lounge for breakfast and wine and appy's. 
2018 This hotel is in a good location in downtown chicago. Room are fine, service is ok. The location is perfect, good price for this location 
2019 Second stay in the past three years. Friendly, helpful and great location. Clean rooms and housekeeping granted our requests for extra towels, soap, shampoo etc. very convenient to subways and other spots. 
2020 Can't say enough about this place. The decor, the rooms, the staff - they were all incredible. No complaints, concerns, or regrets. Loved the hotel, and loved the zebra chair in the room! 
2021 Such a lively atmosphere, staff were extremely friendly and helpful, very clean room, such an amazing location was minutes away from everything. Definitely made my first trip to new York memorable, would definite recommend and return here in the future. 
2022 I have stayed here twice. Both times were great. I highly recommend the Millenium if it is in your price range. It is one of the few Manhattan hotels with a pool, so don't forget your swim suit. Check their web site because sometimes they offer discounts. 
2023 What better way to experience such a great city than stepping out into funky Soho with great cafes, wonderful restaurants, hip bars, and sensational shopping. Easy access to the subway means the rest of New York is just a few steps away! 
2024 Buena ubicacion, amable atencion. He estado en muchos hoteles Hampton y me gustan mucho pero este fue el mas feo en el que estuve. De todos modos estuvo bien, limpio. Pero si vuelvo a New York no volveria al hotel. 
2025 Enormous rooms, clean, modern and with great services. They have a business center with PC/internet free at use, happy hour with free beer and some food, pool etc. I had a very short stay, but it was a great exprience. 
2026 very well made new interiors, perfect location but disappointed with the staff, very rigid and unwilling to accomodate clients.. 
2027 Great location and great value! I was there for business, and since location was great, I was able to visit around and do some sightseeing =) 
2028 I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The staff is great - friendly, helpful, courteous. The beds could not be more comfortable. The location is terrific. I was worried after reading some of the negative reviews but there was no need to be. Loved it! 
2029 We stayed at this hotel for couple of nights with my husband and it was fabulous. We remained very happy with the service, food and the facilities. 
2030 I was very happy with this hotel. The staff was great and the rooms were modern and very nice. I was upgraded to a king with city view. Right on Canal so minutes from great shopping and restaurants in SOHO. 
2031 Great location with access from both the 41st and 42nd Streets. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay in Times Square. Good size rooms with very comfortable rooms. A fantastic thank you to Richard for all his dining tips and excellent service. 
2032 Wij hebben 7 dagen gelogeerd in dit hotel. De kamers zijn aan de kleine kant maar modern ingericht ook de badkamer is netjes. Ameritania heeft een perfecte ligging op loopafstand van Times Square, Central Park en metrolijnen. 
2033 Have stayed in many places in New York...My new favorite...not too expensive..great service and friendly people..bar and breakfast on primise were great, too....Rooms are new, clean and well equiped ! Very close to Penn Staion and subway for Yankee Stadium 
2034 From the time I arrived, I felt special. They GET customer service. My room was fresh smelling, and I liked having the ice maker in my room. This isn't a full service hotel, but the service from everyone was first class. 
2035 Hotel was easy to find, and in a good location - easy walk to midtown & main shopping strips, rooms were a bit dark, could do with some 'refreshing'. Will look elsewhere when we go again. 
2036 The location, the hotel and staff were superb. Really helpful staff. Location is near the Galleria Center and I was able to walk to most of my appointments in the area. 
2037 We had no problems. Everything was great. The breakfast is always good and the staff are always friendly. Nice clean rooms. Sleeping there is almost just like home! 
2038 I love this hotel. Perfect location, beautiful hotel, and a price I can cover on my business budget. 
2039 From reviews and pictures I was expecting something different than what this hotel is. Don't be fooled it is just your average airport value hotel. 
2040 Service very polite, nice, helpful Room small, dark, bad smell, very noisy because trains pass very close location far from city center, next to underground station breakfast self service in lobby to take into room 
2041 NYC is a difficult city to find an affordable, easy place to stay, but I wouldn't stay here again. The room was tiny, it smelled bad and apart from the room being painted like ALice in Wonderland, it really had no charm. 
2042 I just returned from a weeklong business stay. Great place for a business trip. Clients loved the monumental size and feel of the place. Not suffy or dusty like some city clubs. Art collection is museum quality -- they even have a Monet! Athletic facility looks newly-rennovated. 
2043 This place is outstanding the hospitality is unsurpassed. Your every need is cared for the ambiance is second to none. Gordon Ramsey's bar and dining are top notch, staff is knowledgeable, and the bartenders are superb. Don't miss it! if you are staying in NYC. 
2044 This was such a welcome oasis of calm and comfort. The staff was friendly and helpful, the location really easy. Taxis were easy, the subway was only a few blocks away, the beds were great. A stylish but unpretentious and comfortable hotel, good value for Manhattan. 
2045 The staff was very friendly, the room was great, very good american breakfast. We stayed in the Towers. 
2046 For 265.00 you could do a lot better. The room they gave me had one bed eventhough I reserved 2 beds. They blamed it on Travelocity. The offered me a room with 2 beds at 60.00 more. The basically said take it or leave it. 
2047 Nice hotel that feels a step up from other chains such as Marriot etc. However still has much of the impersonal feel of other chain hotels and its hard to see how the very high ratings are justified. Recommend if you get it at good discount 
2048 Stayed there for a short 1 night business trip. The hotel is magnificent. The rooms are excelent and good service. Had Breakfast at the Hotel and was great! 
2049 This place is absolutely great! The roof terrace gives you a nice view of Manhattan and has a cosy bar. The rooms are clean and practical, the people working there give you great service. This was definitely one of the best hotel experiences in my life. 
2050 I stay here for 2 days and these people are amazing, specially ONECA! I highly recommend it, good price, good service and great location! of course I will stay again. :) 
2051 was in New York on business, stayed at the Time hotel. great place for the value! nice size rooms. clean! very friendly and helpfull staff. wonderful lounge and restaurant! close to all in midtown manhattan. will definitely stay there again. 
2052 The Skyline is only a 10 min walk from Times Square and so a good base from which to explore New York. The room decor is fairly basic and dated but very clean and comfortable. Staff were friendly but not over bearing at all. 
2053 Regular visitor of this hotel,i believe is the best hotel in the best location...simple,clean,not crazy expensive,not noisy ,with great beds! and near to all the attractions that i wanted to visit.We always take the 1 bedroom suite,has a living room,a small kitchinette and a large bedroom.Very good value for money! 
2054 Prices were fine, location was perfect for the business location I was visiting, staff was very helpful in recommending restaurants. I will stay there again 
2055 My daughter and I just returned from 3 nights at the Muse. The location could not have been any better. So close to Times Square and the theatres. The staff went out of their way when we asked for help on anything. 
2056 We arrived there because we had no reservation and all hotels were full. They charged us 250 dollars per night (without breakfast) for a sad dark old room and the staff was extremely impolite and rude. Cleanness is ok and situation is not bad. 
2057 Our second stay at this hotel in the past 18 months. Yes the rooms do need updating but the location is perfect as a base to explore NY city. All interaction I had with staff was really positive. 
2058 This hotel was perfect. The service, the location, the staff, the room...we couldn't have picked a better place to stay. We'll certainly visit again! 
2059 tutto ok molto piu' delle nostre aspettative........ 
2060 St Regis is the place to be in NYC.The location is unique, the rooms are elegant and spacious (sumptuous bedding and antique accents) and special attention is given to detail( The St. Regis Butler service and staff are fabulous) 
2061 An exceptional service and experience 
2062 The central location really makes this nice, though in a very touristy part of the city. The rooms are nice and on par with what one would expect from a Hilton. 
2063 I stayed at this hotel in the spring. The hotel did not meet expectations, and when I tried to leave early, management was rude to my family. Hotel would not honor its cancellation policy. Worst hotel experience in 30 years of travel. 
2064 I have seen better rooms that charge by the hour!! Worn out carpet, cracked walls and ceiling, no ice machine or concession machines available. Just about the worst experience I have ever had in Chicago. 
2065 Clean, great location, polite staff, good breakfast. Good for Penn Station. I found all hotels expensive for what they were in Manhattan but this seems more realistic. 
2066 What a great experience thanks to Chad Nathan! After traveling all day in a car, he went out of his way to accommodate us! We will return again and again for the 5 star hospitality! 
2067 Sheraton Tribeca is a newer hotel in downtown Manhattan. The rooms were clean and the beds comfortable. We were in a connecting room and could hear the neighbors children. Easy walk to Soho and the subway. Would stay again. 
2068 I reserved a King Suite for my wife's birthday - We love the service (the staff outstanding), Oh my GOD the bed - the best ever) and of course the location (the first reason why we chose). 
2069 Lovely experience with great staff! Would recommend to anyone looking to stay in Manhattan. 
2070 The location was ideal; the room was quiet and clean; the staff was courteous and friendly. The only drawback: not enough electrical outlets in the room where we stayed. 
2071 Great value for money - one bed suite with two bathrooms and kitchenette- very spacious. Convienent location. Communal areas were really nice, bedrooms and hallways a little tired and dated but for the price and location you can't complain. Highly reccomended for travelling with young children. 
2072 The awful Houston traffic is well worth driving through just to stay at this hotel. We will definitely be back. 
2073 We had two rooms the first week of December and found the hotel to be Vintage [old] but clean and confortable I have spent double the amount in NY and will admit got better but I would recomend it for budget or bussiness travelers A very good value 
2074 Stayed 3 nights with my 14 year old daughter-explored SOHo and had a great time-Much more relaxing than staying in mid-town-Plan to stay here on my next visit to NYC-Everything was perfect 
2075 This hotel is beautiful and right in the middle of Times Square! It is beautiful and the beds are COMFY! Check in was a breeze and Peter was extra nice and helpful! We stayed here for 2 days (wish it could have been longer) in March. 
2076 The hotel has an excellent location but very old rooms and not much cleaning. For its location and in comparison with other mid Manhattan hotels was a good bargain. We would recomend this hotel for travelers that do not want to spend much time in the room. 
2077 Great location for NYC theater goers - & just three blocks from the city's top shopping. Fabulous skyscape views on the high floors - friendly reception - appealing lobby- attractive rooms ... And a very reasonable price for the city 
2078 We are still thawing out....TURN ON THE HEAT! Whatever you do, don't drop your anything behind the furniture...the crud & dust will nauseate you. Guy at the front desk spends his whole time yakking on the phone. 
2079 All we needed from an hotel, very good location, clean, with breakfast ( alittle bit too small, but enough), Excellent service from the staff. If you get a front room you can see The Empire State just outside your window... what else do you need in Manhattan? 
2080 Very easy to get to things from the hotel. Our room was lovely must have been refurbished recently. Good selection at breakfast. 
2081 Location is very nice for putting a little distance between the frenzy of mid-day in Mid-Town and evening recuperation. The staff are attentive but not intrusive, and very helpful. The restaurant is very pleasant with a Continental breakfast buffet that suggests deep European roots. 
2082 Very average. Parts of the hotel need attention. Staff was helpful. Great location for anything at Reliant. 
2083 This is a decent NYC hotel. The lobby is quaint and the rooms were modern and clean. The lounge furniture (leather chairs) were a bit worn. The carpet would not be my choice. The hotel is in a good location downtown within walking distance of the Seaport. 
2084 Great location and great value. Room was clean and very nice. 
2085 Good central hotel, situated next to Grand Central Station. Very busy but very good. Excellent and friendly service, clean and efficient. Worth the stay. 
2086 The room is too tiny , no minibar , A/c too noisy and the bed is 200cm long X140cm wide for couple? the price absolutely not worth it! my room was about 290 per night 
2087 Very nice hotel good price will recommend hotel And will stay here again. Close to are conference and all otherthings shopping restaurant 
2088 This hotel was really, really good...close to Broadway and Theater District...clost to the Port Authority. Great location. Extremely SAFE!!! Folks are EXTREMELY courteous...room was absolutely fine for runnning around town Refrigerator/ sink area in the room. It was smaler but absolutely comfy... Will definitely stay there again... 
2089 Definately not what I expected for a Starwood property. Location is great but hotel is dated, expensive, and employees not very customer focused. Would not stay here again. 
2090 Free happy every day! Professional and friendly staff. Fancy atmosphere for half of the price! The complimentary bath products were very nice. Flat screen TV with numerous channels. Comfy beds. Free and easily accessible covered parking. Look forward to staying there again. 
2091 Travelled on a quick shopping trip. Wanted to stay right in Manhattan but didn't want to pay big dollars. This spot was perfect. Tiny room, but who cares. Cheap price, no frills. great location. Walked everywhere. Would recommend it for cheap stay in NYC 
2092 I stayed here about 4 years ago I had no complaints. The rooms are huge and very clean. The buffet breakfast is cheap and there is loads of choice. Would definately stay there again. 
2093 Bellhop and front desk staff very personable and helpful. Room was clean and adequate; wished toiletries included conditioner. Happy there was a hairdryer! 
2094 Room is clean and small Bathroom door made me mad as it was always in my way great hotel for the few tourist who are or become a shopaholic in NYC Subway Station is just next to the hotel 
2095 Excellent location-close to Times Square/Subway and a lot of the sights and sounds. However, just far enough away to provide peaceful and relaxing time. Definately best of both worlds. Clean, chic, quiet, attentive staff--great wine bar/restaurant-simple fantastic. Hope to return next year for another self indulgent solo get away. 
2096 just fine... clean and very well located. Staff was very freindly. We were happily situated over Broadway and had a good view of Times Square from the 25th floor. I would not hesitate to stay there when I go back 
2097 It's is breath taking!!! I cam some it up real easy. Downtown Chicago looking over Lake Michigan , The rooms are awesome service is excellent !!! I got think it can get any better!! 
2098 Buen hotel, muy buena ubicacion, servicio y limpieza. Las habitaciones son bastante chicas y no esperes que sean como las areas sociales del hotel, realmente son basicas pero cumplen con su objetivo. 
2099 The standard of this hotel is very high for being New york. Nice beds, great minibar, professional staff. Housekeeping does a great job and will never miss a thing. Turndown service is also a pleasant treat. 
2100 Booked a 2 bedroom suite here, It really was huge, fantastic value. I don't have any negatives about the hotel, it suited us perfectly. 
2101 i have to say the stay we the Waldorf Astoria both times has got better and better, room and service is fantastic. but what can i say its the Waldorf... thanks guys for are lovely suite... 
2102 I spent two nights here leading up to Hurricane Sandy. The staff were always pleasant despite the pressure they were under and were perfectly prepared to deal with the storm and its potential outcomes. Congrats to your team on making guests feel safe and welcome under extraordinary circumstances! 
2103 I stayed 3 nights in Yotel. Great location. The room/cabin was comfortable with ample space for my luggage and clothings. Food was aplenty around the hotel. Staffs were gracious and helpful. Love their breakfast muffins too. 
2104 Would stay again great place. Breakfast great too. Location perfect for walking and sightseeing. Subway close. Shopping close. Clean 
2105 We had a one stay while in town to see a show and do some shopping. The lobby and the library bar were cool but the room was small and not that comfortable. The staff were great, which would be a reason to return if not for the room. 
2106 We were very happy with our stay during my daughter's participation with BAA. I'm glad that BAA is using this hotel as one of its host hotels. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Everything was neat and clean. 
2107 Great room, like a well-appointed one-room apartment. In the middle of a hectic, fun-filled New York mini-vacation, it was wonderful to come back to this hotel and catch our breath before going out again. Very friendly, helpful staff. 
2108 Great location at the Milburn hotel. Breakfast is basic. They provide free WIFI for guests. Very good! The room is okei size, and the bathroom is okei size. Great staff that helps you with your needs. 
2109 Great hotel. Small, beautiful, old world, great service, incredible location in the heart of the galleria. Great value on weekends - I will be back! 
2110 This was a great big busy hotel. great location, service, clean and bright. perfect for families. food great as was service. and clean!! 
2111 Stayed with friends at Grand Hyatt for 5 days. Great Hotel. Spacious rooms and a great breakfast. The reestaurant has a great view overlooking the street at Grand Central Station. The location is excellent in regards to sightseeing. Will come back again!! 
2112 Convenient location. Rooms are small and unless in the upper half of the building dark, with no view, and noisy (not from 7th Ave. but from the AC/ventilation); bedding is of low end quality. Overall: There are many better places for the same or even less money. 
2113 Excellent!!! The place to stay in NYC. Great service, great location, and a large, lovely room. How can this be in NYC????? 
2114 Hotel very well located to Times Square. Rooms were clean, generous size and reasonably priced for New York. Hotel staff friendly and helpful. Great restaurants close by. Would definitely stay here again. 
2115 The hotel's location was convenient to Broadway and many NY sights. Loved the sightseeing app for walking tours. Saw Grand Central station, St. Patrick's, Rockefeller Center and lots more. Staff was so helpful with tips and directions. Room was small but clean and quiet. 
2116 Even though I live in Houston, we decided to take a mini-vacation and stayed in the hotel. The rooms were great, but the Bistro Alex restaurant, although limited in selections, was terrific. I say skip the appetizers, get the five tomato salad and try the "Airline Chicken". 
2117 Incredible ... worth EVERY penny! Amazing rooms, views, location, spa...just perfect! 
2118 Checked-in for Xmas eve/day-very nice staff-Patricia at front desk upgraded us to a suite w/o being asked. The room was large, very clean and nicely done. Can't say enough good things. 
2119 Nice hotel right near the navy pier. Rooms were clean and modern. No free high speed internet available in rooms. Much of the hotel still under construction 
2120 My wife and I stayed here one night after our honeymoon cruise and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful and they outdid themselves in decorating our room for our special event. 
2121 Stayed at the Gansevoort over Xmas 2011. Great location and ideal fo rmany sights to visit including the Hi Line. 
2122 Great hotel, clean and comfortable - beds were great! Close to everything, step outside and Times Square is just along the road! Staff are friendly and helpful. I will be booking this hotel again when I persuade my husband to travel to New York with me! 
2123 We really liked the location, lots of nice bars and restaurants. Very helpful and informative staff. Very nice quality room , just the right balance between old and new. The free wi-fi was terrific 
2124 Rooms are getting slightly tired, but the layout, amentities and location are great. Close to the subway and TimesSquare. This is not the Hilton, but you don't pay Hilton rates. We stayed in a room not facing 8th avenue and the noise was still at times annoying. 
2125 Yotel is a unique stay and certainly worth the rates. It is very close to Times Square. Cabins are a bit small but that is to be expected given the location. Staff could be a bit more guest focused but overall a good experience. 
2126 Expected micro sized rooms and indifferent attitude but was pleasently surprised. Early check in was no problem last Saturday and our room (2 Queens) was at least 275 sq feet. Location was ideal, 2 blocks from Grand Central and the Lexington avenue line. Can't wait to return 
2127 If you are staying near Bush, this is a nice property & great staff 
2128 I was surprised by the service and how clean this hotel is. The employees are very nice and always ready to help. 
2129 The rooms are decent, but the quality of service is excellent. Located close to shopping and restaurants. A 10 minute walk to Times Square or Rockefeller Center. 
2130 Une suite de pres de 150 m2 avec 2 chambres chacune avec sa salle de bain. Une cuisine un immense salon avec salle a manger. Situe pres de grand central station et des nations unies 
2131 I stayed in this hotel few years ago, and I'm going to be there in April. I can see the hotel is under renovation. Are all the rooms already renovated ? How can I know if I'm going to be given an old or a renovated room? Thanks. 
2132 Ik vond het een prima hotel. Enige opmerking: de kamer is erg klein. Maar dat is niet raar in NY. Al met al prima dus, het was schoon, airco werkt, ligging tov Central Park en de metro is top. Prijstechnisch zeker oke dus 
2133 room was really nice, location is great near by train station and walking distance to the central park. staff was friendly 
2134 we stayed for 4 nights, New York was great night life was great hotel wasn't real good 
2135 I would just like to say that the Park Savoy was GREAT! I was seriously sooo scared about the place cuz it was so cheap and then we saw it and it was great. Anyone thinking about this hotel. it's cheap, clean, and safe....what else do u need? 
2136 Nice hotel, needs Coffe makers. Room service doesn't open until 6:30am and then only 1 person. 
2137 Good Hotel, really liked the layout of the hotel, great room, good view. Staff helpful and courteous, and the little food shop in the lobby was very handy for breakfast and snacks. This was also a good location for us. We would stay there again. 
2138 If you don't want to spend too much money for a hotel in NYC and don't care about a view, or room to move, and no amenities, here it is. The beds were comfortable,though 
2139 Every time I visited NYC, we stayed in Times Square. This hotel is clean and easily accessible. Cheaper than staying the city. It is located by SOHO which is the best. The neighborhood not touristy which is great. You experience better resturants. WTC views are great from your room. 
2140 This place it great for business stays and also very close to Times Square. It was a very safe area and hotel and clean to boot. I would be happy to stay here again if I was travelling to this part of NYC. 
2141 Fun vibe, friendly staff. Great place to stay especially if you need or want to be by Lincoln Center. 
2142 My husband and I stayed in a suite in the towers and it was truly amazing. The location was perfect central to everything, we got great tickets to see the Lion King and amazing dinner reservations. I loved the fresh apples in the foyer and the staff was so helpful. 
2143 This was one of the few places in mid town available for $200/night after a long day at the US Open. No frills, but as advertised; clean, compact room, desk, chair, small but clean newish bath. No surprises. Wholefoods market across street on 7th avenue. 
2144 The hotel is easily accessible by subway and is in the heart of the city. accomodations could not have been better. The room was exceptionally clean. The bed was more than comfortable. The staff treats you like family.; 
2145 Hotelzimmer ordentlich, amerikanisches Fruehstuecksbueffet, ggf. gewoehnungsbededuerftig, zeitweise nur 1 von 4 Fahrstuehlen in Funktion, bei 34 Stockwerken Staus zu Stosszeiten. Hilfsbereites und freundliches Personal. 
2146 If you are staying at this hotel and need help from the concierge team, they are great! Sergio and Scott helped me and my wife each day to help find our favorite restaurants and things to do in NYC. They helped make our stay easy and much more rewarding. 
2147 Hotel was neat and tidy. Staff was flexible and helpful. Location cannot be beat. Lobby was continually busy. Great for shopping and for tourist activities. Restaurant was inconsistent. 
2148 the rooms are very small and cosy, its really, but all is so modern, clean and a nice place to stay the night and rest for all the long days walking around the big apple 
2149 The room was clean. The bed was comfortable. It was quite other than the heater, that made some noise when it was left on for too long. It is half a block from the subway!! It is also right between China town, Little Italy, and Soho. 
2150 For us location could not be any better. Hotel is very clean, modern and well managed.. 
2151 The staff (Rita) took the time to find the best available room for us and upgraded us to a wonderful suite. The suite was perfect for 5 of us and made our stay in NYC all the more enjoyable. Rooms were great - comfortable beds and lots of space. 
2152 I stay at this hotel about 3 times per year for business. It is a perfect location to all the sites of Times Square, but if you go a few blocks away from Times Square, you will find some wonderful neighborhood restaurants. Staff is always friendly at this hotel. 
2153 My son stayed at this hotel during a college visit and he was very pleased. Great location and very reasonable price. Staff was very friendly, especially Michael Shephard. We will stay at this location every time we visit him. 
2154 Hotel in ottima posizione sulla 5TH avenue. Moderno sia come struttura sia come gestione. Ottima assistenza degli operatori anche per prenotazione musei ..... Ambiente molto confortevole e piacevole sia dal punto di vista della struttura che del servizio. Ottimo 
2155 stark heruntergekommen. Hat seine bestem Zeiten hinter sich. Das Bad war eine reine Zumutung. Herunterfallender Putz und Schimmel in der Dusche. Hat zwar eine Super Lage, ist aber ansonsten sein Geld nicht wert. 
2156 All flash no substance. The rooms are falling apart, cracks in the floors and ceilings. Was told I would be notified when my room was ready, and there was no follow through. Not worth the money! 
2157 Terrible attitude, terrible service, rooms are like new York city closets and non impressive. You have to know somebody to get the courtesy car take you any where. 
2158 Just spent 3 nights at the hotel and It was great! Rooms are small and location is a bit out of the way but the staff make up for it. Would stay there again. 
2159 had a great time on our stay at the park central hotel. ricky alvarez checked us in and helped us out a great deal. we ordered yankee tickets on-line and had a problem receiving them and ricky saved the day! thanks again for making our stay there a great one. 
2160 Wir haben den Jahreswechsel 2010/2011 in diesem Hotel verbracht und uns sehr wohl gefuehlt. Der Service war freundlich und jederzeit hilfsbereit. Die Lage war natuerlich fuer die Feiern in der Sylvesternacht perfekt. 
2161 Muy bueno, centrico, con espectaculares vistas de times square, en pleno broadway, 
2162 What a beautiful hotel. This was my second time to stay here and it is my favorite hotel in Houston. We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite and loved how perfect the space was. The people working here could not be any friendlier or more helpful. Perfect location. 
2163 Pulled into Chicago around 1am and got a nice room for a good rate... Took off the next morning but the cheapest place for miles the night before. The rate was half the rack rate at the surrounding hotels. Free parking too... 
2164 This hotel was great!! perfect location, excelent service. room was comfortable and clean. I recomend this hotel is absolutely awesome! 
2165 This is a very attractive new hotel in NYC. Excellent rooms and very comfortable. Most Importantly, the staff has been well versed in making guests feel welcome and constantly are available to assist the traveler. A winning combination 
2166 Thanks to Latoya & staff for a wonderful stay at Affinia. The most accommodating & friendly staff. Could not have been better! 
2167 We were made to feel so elcome & all the staff were very friendly! I would highly recommend this hotel to people & will definitely stay again! 
2168 Very nice--just remember to request a room away from elevator and ice machine--and higher floors offer better views. Windows opened, which was nice. 
2169 Good location to Madison Park and Eataly. Rooms small but outside street noise was at a minimum. 
2170 I always enjoy myself staying there. Many sweet small things accumulates and make a big difference. The staff are firendly and remember my preferences as a regular customer, well abort of. 
2171 Lovely Art Deco Style Hotel. Stayed for 11 nights Very good service. Hotel room was dated but comfortable and clean. Fantastic location right in the middle of Times Square. Walking distance to Macy's. Fifth Avenue, The Met etc... Definetely recommend. 
2172 We booked a loft, huge beautifull room with terrace. It was as living like a newyorker as the neighborhood is sooo cool. We stayed 10 nights. The staff is fantastic, helpfull, smiling. For a long stay in New York there's definitively no other place to go! 
2173 - Reserved through ...- Arrived at 12:30 a.m.; Checked out at 12:45 a.m.- Dirty, Dirty, Dirty!- Mildew in bathroom- Bed extremely dirty- Floors/carpets dirty- walls needed paint job- Hallways dirty- It was a dumpster!- I wouldn't even think twice about booking an unknown hotel on-line anymore! 
2174 Bernita was so sweet and very helpful!!! I definitely will be coming back here 
2175 We stayed at the Doubletree for a six days. Without any extra fancy a normal hotel service: clean rooms, proffecional staff, free Internet in a lobby, parking right next to hotel. For my personal taste beds are a little to firm but it works anyway. Overall a good experience 
2176 I stay in this hotel atleast twice a month. It is my favorite hotel in Houston. The rooms are very large, the beds are comfortable, and the staff is welcoming. I wouldn't stay anywhere else in Houston. This place is like a second home. 
2177 Great hotel, great service, Amazing location!!! We stayed here for a week and couldnt fault it. would recommend to al!! 
2178 Excellent location, best hotel for the price in the neighborhood. Rooms are comfortable and quiet. Interesting tile art around the lobby and public places. Decent, if overpriced restaurant, but lots more to choose from in the neighborhood. Ideal place to stay for events at NYU. 
2179 Good time was had by the whole family... Shows, Conan, Museums, Yankees, Music... 
2180 The staff at the Casablanca hotel could not be more helpful. The hotels position is perfect being only 60 metres from Times Square and the subway. The room we had was wonderful with the most comfortable bed. 
2181 Hotel excelente, en el centro un poco caro, pero, merece la pena ^^ 
2182 It's a great hotel with great service and very very clean rooms. We would definetly go back if we' ll have the opportunity:) 
2183 Excellent value for money. Staff were helpful, the rooms were very clean and the shower was great - constant hot water. Great area to stay and easy to get around New York from. Wouldn't hesitate to return. 
2184 A dated hotel, worn, tired rooms, elervators some times work, noisy aircon from other rooms (even when you turn yours off). tiny bathroom. Some staff helpful, others just couldn't be bothered. WiFi is a bit of nightmare, room keys sometimes work, sometimes don't. 
2185 older hotel, small, but not closet type rooms, some room updates.... Not the nicest area in town, but not far from time square and 9th street around the corner has a good selection of food. 
2186 this hotel was great! it was in a perfect location across the street from central park, walking distance from the MET and close to a neat area with cool restaurants the rooms were a bit tiny but very nicely furnished i definitely would recommend this hotel! 
2187 The Westin is my preferred hotel in the city. The rooms are spacious and the amenities are unmatched, including the heavenly bed and shower. The staff is always friendly and helpful. It has the good energy that Times Square generates but it is a little comfort oasis on its own. 
2188 this hotel is kinda bad because when we went the elevator didnt work and the hotel has some littel attention to his clients the only good of this is near everything 
2189 As a travel arranger, I always go to the Sheraton Brookhollow first. It is in a great location, with a great restaurant & staff. 
2190 would highly recommend the Fairmont Millennium Park to anyone looking for a place to stay in Chitown. Beautiful facility, great location, great restaurants on the grounds. This will be my go to hotel when staying in Chicago. 
2191 Great location and facility but has too many surveys 
2192 Great hotel right off the heart of Broadway. Within walking distance to times square and bryant park. The rooms were clean and the hotel staff was extremely helpful and pleasant. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. It is definitely 5 stars! 
2193 this hotel was perfect for the price. I went with a group of 6 and it was modern and what a great location. The staff was very nice also 
2194 This was our second time staying at the Empire hotel. Both times we received great rates through Hotwire. It is a fantastic location near Central Park. The hotel thinks of every detail. A stay here is worth every penny. Lovely romantic hotel! 
2195 Excellent hotel in a great location. Big room with high ceilings considering the normal size of downtown Chicago hotels. 
2196 Zentral und mit allem Service ausgestattet den man sich erwarten kann. Modernes Fitness und sehr freundliche Bedienungen in den Restaurants. 
2197 Great Location! Amazing Hotel! Superb Service! Great Value! Definately will be staying there on future visits! Wouldn't stay anywhere but Hotel Mela!!! 
2198 The room was fantastic, spacious and very clean. The service was excellent. Any problem that we might have had they were prompt in responding. The staff was very friendly, curtious and very helpful to our needs. 
2199 I always found this hotel very convenient for business in Manhattan and good location for visiting the theatre district also some excellent restaurants in the area.I have stayed here many times and will do so in future. 
2200 Rooms are small, but this IS NYC. Location is convenient, ample breakfast (eggs, ham, sausage, cereal, oatmeal, muffins, juice, coffee, etc.), cookies in afternoon. Friendly staff. Only downside, 2 elevators for 32 floors. Room was ready sooner than check-in. Very clean. 
2201 Pretty standard hotel for the $$, but considering some smaller boutique hotels (and smaller chains) are pretty much killing it with contemporary designs and amenities, this hotel is already dated and needs a refresh. The hotel staff were fantastic. The doorman/concierge really stood out! 
2202 Everything from check in to check out was wonderful...... Staff was terrific, hotel room was perfect and I would stay there over and over again. Lovely accomodations, terrific views and really nice space!!! THANK YOU! 
2203 The place was so wonderful 4 blocks from the bus stTion everything for the theater and times square within walking distant! The best lobby bar And restaurant. child friendly travelled with my 6 year old son and 11 year old daughter 
2204 Had a great stay, impressed with the service. Lost bag from the flight, great help from Milev and David in retrieving the bags, thank you. 
2205 Clean and comfortable. Staff very helpful. Shuttled back and forth to Midway airport to catch orange line downtown....very easy! Sightseeing was hot as weather was scorching but it was really nice to come "home" to the Marriott! 
2206 This is a great hotel to a good value. The rooms were bigger than I expected. We had a city view room with great view at the empire state building. I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends and family. 
2207 Tiny, very clean, helpfull staff. Great choice. Only 2 blocks from subway, numerous pubs, restaurants anda delis nearby. 
2208 This is my favorite hotel in NYC. The hotel is lovely, the rooms are comfortable and spacious, the location (near Times Square) is great. The only grumble I have is that the "free breakfast" is pretty limited. On the other hand, they do serve a nice cappuccino. 
2209 Everything was ok, but I was expecting much more for a Sheraton. Beside that, the hotel is new and confortable, big bed, nice bathroom and a convenient Starbucks inside the hotel! PS: I really don't think Canal street is a good place for a classy hotel. 
2210 i had read the reviews before i went so knew was i was in for, but it was nothing like was people had said, i had a large room, the staff couldnt do enough for us, the six nites we said there. a real bonus free breakfast every morning!!!! 
2211 The room was nice and the bed was very comfortable. However, the room was VERY musty. Smelled of mold when the A/C would come on. It was also very humid, like it had flooded at one time. 
2212 Nice staff. Helpful, cheerful and welcoming staff. A great way to stay in Manhattan without the craziness and prices of midtown. We had a corner room with a view of the Empire State Building, awesome! 
2213 We spent 4 days there last week and our stay was fantastic. We fell in love with the property and it's location. There are many good restaurants that are within walking distance. This hotel was definitely worth going back to. We give it a 5 star rating. 
2214 The hotel has a designed very nice for me. The people was very nice , and the attention too. The hotel is in the center. I liked it. 
2215 Quite a small room with no view, but a terrific location. We were surrounded by the best of NY. Bed was quite comfortable, but the couch for our teenager wasn't the best. Otherwise, would stay again, but in a bigger room. 
2216 Kleine, aber angehnem eingerichtete zimmer zum innenhof, daher wenig tages licht. Etwas laute klimaanlage, die im zimmer selbst nicht reguliert werden konnte. Freundlicher service und alles sehr sauber. 
2217 Although the entrance to the hotel and the lobby are not that enticing, the room was first class, spacious, clean, with a very comfortable bed and adequate furniture. Kitchen facilities were fine, with free tea and coffee provided. Well located. you can walk to many attractions, including Broadway. 
2218 Goed hotel voor wat we ervoor betaalden. Als je tijdens een beurs een hotel voor deze prijs kan boeken, moet je altijd tevreden zijn. Het hotel is duidelijk aan renovatie toe, maar het was zeker niet storend, het gaf het wel een extra dimensie van vergane glorie 
2219 Great hotel, superb location, close to everything. Really friendly staff and my room was immaculate. I will be back ! N Vernon Liverpool UK 
2220 This hotel is pretty good but you pay for the location. It's great stepping out of your hotel directly into Times Square. Definitely recommend it! 
2221 We had a very nice stay here. Rooms have been upgraded and are conveniently set up, bathroom is super (except why no soap dish is shower?, beds comfortable, staff very friendly and courteous, breakfast great. LOCATION SUPERB. no downsides to staying here. 
2222 I found this hotel through trip advisor reviews. It was great. Clean, nice towels and robes, free coffee and fruit, chocolates on the pillows with next-day weather forecast card. Good location too. I've found my nyc hotel! 
2223 We had such a great experience at this hotel. The staff were friendly, the location was convenient and the car service was great! We spent 11 nights at this hotel, and enjoyed it immensely. 
2224 I had heard that JFK and Orson Wells had founded the round table here so when we looking for a base in the big apple we chose the Algonquin and we were not down. Excellent location excellent service with admittedly small room but everything else was perfect 
2225 When we first arrived I wasn't sure we were in the right place. Very unassuming. Looks can be deceiving. Great, friendly staff. Awesome, helpful service, particularly in the concierge level. Room spacious by New York City standards. Great location Can't wait for my next visit to stay there again. 
2226 Absolut weiter zu empfehlen! Es ist sinnvoll eine Suite zu nehmen. Ab dem 20 Stockwerk hat man eine fantastische Aussicht. Wir waren bereits das zweite mal innerhalb kurzer Zeit in diesem Hotel und waren wieder voll und ganz zufrieden. 
2227 much better than i expected. service was great. room was comfortable. free wi-fi. air conditioning. would come again. 
2228 We stayed at The Lucerne and it was in a great location steps from central park. It was very clean and reasonable for New York. The maid was very sweet and the rooms very nice. I am very picky about room cleanliness and it was. 
2229 You couldn't ask for a more convenient location. Rooms have a kitchenette, well equipped--worked well with teenage boys. Very extensive hot breakfast included with the room. Very nice people from check in to check out. Very, very quiet! 
2230 Very spacious, modern, clean rooms. Great breakfast options and nice happy hour snacks and drinks. Grocery stores nearby. 
2231 Hotel 57 is a very good hotel with decent prices. The hotel has been renovated, recently finalized, and has a good overall standard. The personnel was helpful. Breakfast prices a bit high for four persons though, we preferred the small dinner across the street. 
2232 What a wonderful hotel. The personal assistants will make certan that all of your requests are taken care of. The beds are not my favorites as they are low to the floor and at times a bit uncomfortable. t 
2233 My advice is to stay away from this place. The sink and the bathtub had a layer of skum. Have stayed in many hotels before, but have never seen anything like this. Although the linens were fine, the bed was not firm enough. will never stay here again. 
2234 When doing an overnighter in the Big Apple, we always choose the Casablanca. Complimentary Continental Breakfast & Evening Wine & Cheese; awesome selection! Rooms are immaculate, staff is over the top curteous. I would recommend this hotel to all - so cool! 
2235 The staff were all very friendly and helpful and it's right off the highway. However, the rooms are run-down and the surrounding area does not seem safe. If nothing else is available this place is OK, but I would say look elsewhere if you can. 
2236 Excellent location, large new rooms and outstanding service by an always attentive, professional and caring staff. There is nothing the concierge desk would not be able to arrange for you. Probably the best hotel in the city at this time, definitely worthwhile! 
2237 Horrible from start to finish. Just horrible. If Elvis were alive today, he would perform "In The Ghetto" live via satellite from this locale. Good luck! 
2238 Good location (very close to metro, American Museum of Natural History and Central Park), very small but clean rooms. Bathroom ok (stayed in a room with a private bathroom). 
2239 We had a quick trip to NYC this past weekend. We booked three rooms at the Park Central hotel. Kristen Buurman was very helpful in making the arrangements for us. The rest of the staff that we interacted with was equally friendly and professional. Perfect NYC location! 
2240 Great hotel just outside of downtown Houston. Very friendly staff, they remembered my name after two stays. Free shuttle to and from anywhere in the downtown area. 
2241 Great location, just a short walk from central park and a few subway stops from all the action. The apartments have every thing you need for making breakfasts and simple meals. They are very comfortable and no noise from the outside worldwhich was my worse fear! 
2242 Great location, quiet room with little kitchenette added to which Scotties diner is yards away! Can recommend without hesitation as price for position is so good. Rooms a little tired, however ours was spotless. We found reception staff very helpful so surprised about a review we just read! 
2243 Very easy to walk to many main attractions within Chicago, close to shopping and nightlife. The hotel itself was older and the rooms ok. 
2244 Enjoyed our stay very much! We liked the location very much! 
2245 The hotel is nearly of the most interesting sites in the city. The rooms are big and very clean. The services are attent and resolve the problems quickly. 
2246 Flying out of Midway is such a plus to me. This hotel is convenient to it. Plus the have a shuttle that runs every 20 minutes. Nice! 
2247 This hotel has it all. Location: close to theaters, restaurants, subway, businesses, and more. The staff is friendly and eager to serve. The rooms are clean and nicely appointed. Hilton Honors members are treated very well. 
2248 For the price, it is hard to beat the location of this hotel. The rooms are the smallest I have ever had in the city & I have stayed at many places. It is clean, it is quiet, and it is very convenient. 
2249 The Staff at the Ramada Lake Shore made the stay very enjoyable. Angie at the front desk was very helpful with directions on how to get to different locations thorughout Chicago. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. 
2250 Me and my girlfriend stayed at the renaissance times square from may 2nd until the 5th, and it was awesome the room was immaculate with a awesome view and located central to everything, we will definitely be staying here again. 
2251 stayed here twice, both times thought the rooms are just too small, its also right up on the columbus so quite a way uptown, food ok, service as always very good.but just cant recommend it 
2252 I would have had better service at a MOTEL 6. I will never book here again 
2253 The staff was friend and helpful; espcially the front desk manager who helped me with all of my inquiries. I would recommend to anyone visiting Houston! 
2254 ***Great Rates ($135.00/night/wknds incl.) With AAA and Hampton Reward club. Wonderful hotel. Built in 2006, brand new rooms and facilities. Stylish and warm. Wonderful staff. Great continental breakfast. Eggs, Bagles, Biscuits, Toast, 3Kinds of Cereal, Orange, Cranberry, Apple, Coffee, Yougurt, Fresh fruit and very fresh. Pictures posted speak for themselves. 
2255 stayed for a conference, rooms are big, beds comfortable and clean. gym was good, pity theres no pool, staff were helpful. similar to others, our only issue is paying 15$ for internet for 24 hours...poor from the westin. 
2256 Unless this place has dramatically changed since we stayed in 2004 NEVER STAY HERE. As well as happy memories of New York we bought back with us a whole crowd of bed bugs which took 12 months to get rid of. This is place is a dump 
2257 Returned from NYC weekend, this time at the Westin at Times Square. Location and room fantastic, although Executive level breakfast and hors d'oeuvres not so much (not worth extra cost). Staff very helpful and pleasant to deal with, concierge offering "localized" tips. Will return. 
2258 Era nuovo, pulito, bello e in buona posizione. Camere NYC size, ovvero piccolissime. Tutto bene comunque e bello il giardinetto sul retro. Ingresso fighissimo, personale gentile e preparato, fantastico il bar adiacente con musica live e ottimi cocktail. New York e fantastica, il pod hotel un'ottima soluzione x giovani 
2259 Awesome hotel with beautiful rooms. Friendly staff and a cozy bar/ restaurant. I've stayed there on 2 occasions, one week at the time. Both times excellent! I would certainly recommend this hotel to first time NYC travellers since it's a decent walking distance to lots of cool places! 
2260 The hotel was beautiful!! Service was excellent! Our room overlooked the city and we were close to everything. I would highly recommend this hotel. 
2261 I stayed here with my mother and my best friend. My mom, she actually works here. They hotel was great! The rooms were very clean and even though the hotel doesn't have a pool, you can go to the beach. The spa was also great. Chicago looks beautiful at night. 
2262 nice location,nice hotel,walk anywhere from it.nice and clean,,,a nice breakfast, nnice service. 
2263 Hotel Mela was in a great location - right in the heart of the city. The rooms were small, but clean and very nice looking. 
2264 The neighboorhood is not very nice, although the subway station is close. The room is really small and basic. The restaurant is very expensive. The staff was below average. Just a basic Holiday Inn Express type with a fancy restaurant. 
2265 This is actually a good hotel , the room that we stayed in was simple yet comfortable. its location was perfect for us. we were very close to so many ammenities. i would definitely stay there again 
2266 The Edison is in a great location right by Times Square. A little bit tired and basic. Also quite noisy due to passing traffic and drone of the air conditioning units on the office block opposite - not loud but a persistent hum. Take ear plugs. 
2267 An excellent experience. My daughter and I were on vacation in NY we stayed at the OTA and it was excellent. I recommend it. Staf and service was great.Good location, nice restaurant and room was very clean every day. 
2268 Just stayed the night for my husbands birthday! We got an upgrade and the romance package compliments of Mary at the front desk. She really helped make my husbands birthday very special. She is an example of the reason we keep going back to Omni! Great job. 
2269 Very nice hotel. Hip vibe. Rooms are big enough for NYC. Loved how easy it was to walk just about everywhere we wanted to go. Also loved sitting in the R lounge to watch the chaos of time square below. I'd definitely stay here again. 
2270 Helpfull and nice staff, Location near Central Park and Times Square was great. The room was big and ok, but the bathroom was narrow. 
2271 posizione straordinaria .vale il 50 per cento.poi buon hotel.qualche receptionist scorbutico ma altre disponibili e gentili.le nostre camere al 45 piano erano valide.nota dolente la colazione sia per il costo che per l'attesa di 30-40 minuti.vale la pena fare colazione fuori.fil 
2272 the staff was very attentive and efficient making sure that my requests were met , my room was clean and elegant 
2273 special thanks to semije popovic 
2274 Hotel was quiet, clean and inviting. Not a lot of airport noise or road noise. Breakfast was tasty and plentiful. Entrance can be a little tricky but is well signed. TV was a flat screen, but not a flat panel. 
2275 As one who has a severe Bed Bug allergy, this is the ONLY Hotel I will now stay in when in NYC. Wonderful facilities, pleasant staff and key...clean rooms! Well Done! 
2276 We were very pleased with our room, and we were happy with the hotel staff. The bathrooms were extremely clean. Our room was beautiful, but small. You really can't beat this deal; the location is terrific. 
2277 great hotel, very friendly and clean, I was glad to come back "home" every night. the location is great, near the times quare, near the metro etc. the view from the room window was the empire state building. 
2278 We spent tree nights in this hotel. Loved the location, literally opposite Central Park. The room was a reasonable size and the bed was very comfortable indeed with excellent pillows! 
2279 Very nice hotel and nice rooms but one drawback - room would not get cold (in January)! I set on the lowest setting and it was still hot. I couldn't even use the covers to sleep - had to sleep under the sheet only. 
2280 The rooms were a fine size, the staff was very pleasant and the room and bathrooms were clean and modern. This is a great place to stay if you don't need any amenities but want some place to return to at night that is clean and comfortable. Very convenient neighborhood. 
2281 A bit expensive, but worth staying there at least one time in you life 
2282 I stayed at this hotel when I was travelling for work just before Hurricane Sandy. The service was fantastic, the food was sensational and the hotel staff could not have tried to be more helpful. They were absolutely fantastic, and it made for an excellent stay. 
2283 My husband and I went for the marathon and we found this old the hotel, all ancient, old baths, this hotel seems they be used to film old movies they should remodel evething,becuase is in an excellent location. is clean 
2284 From the minute I walked in the door here, I felt welcomed and comfortable. The top floor bar/restaurant is amazing. My room wasn't huge, but by NYC standards it was large enough, including a small closet and desk space. 
2285 Stanza spaziosa, pulita e arredata con gusto. Il letto king size era enorme e comodissimo. Spazioso e molto curato anche il bagno. Posizione dell'albergo perfetta: a due passi da Times Square! Complessivamente nessuna nota negativa. 
2286 We hebben met 4 personen in een zeer ruime suite overnacht. De bedden waren voor 2 personen wat smal. (twijfelaar) De kamers waren zeer ruim en het was schoon. Centraal gelegen: vlakbij Central Park en Times Square en de verschillende metrolijnen. 
2287 The Affinia is well situated on 34th within easy reach of attractions by foot or Metro. Rooms are good and clean and staff friendly and efficient. Downside is no complimentary WiFi in room which I consider should be everywhere now, although this is provided in Hotel Foyer 
2288 I took two teenage grandchildren for a birthday celebration weekend. This hotel is convenient and the staff is efficient and helpful. Lovely treat. 
2289 This is a wonderful hotel to stay in. I loved the location and the friendliness of the staff. The stay here made the trip more pleasant because of the helpfulness of everyone. I would stay again. Loved it. The rooms were very spacious, clean and warm. 
2290 This is a wonderful hotel for business travelers, families and couples. It is exactly what you expect from Hilton, 5-star service and large, clean rooms. The rooms have stunning views and it is centrally located in the times square area. I highly recommend the Hilton times square. 
2291 Close to the Theater District. Good restaurants. Close to Times Square.Hotel is being up dated.Staff polite gave Excellent directions to any place we wanted to go. Bottom line Location,LOCATION Location. We would stay here again. 
2292 We had a great view from our room. I am not sure we would want to stay in the back, but facing the lake was great.We were on the 8th floor which was nice and quiet. We didn't get to see any ghosts...but maybe next time:) 
2293 great location, good sized rooms, nice beds (but hard pillows). didnt much care for the pub attached and found their lack of internet access for non laptop owners archaic. still, all good. 
2294 situato in posizione strategica a pochi isolati da central park, time square, moma, metropolitan museum, gugennhaim, museo di storia naturale, empire, fifty avenue e da alcuni tra i migliori ristoranti. vivamente consigliato per turismo sia culturale che per shopping. 
2295 Stayed here for while in town to attend a Conference. The hotel was clean & semi modern. The staff was professional and accommodating. The two bell caps were very helpful with receiving fed-ex packages i had sent out ahead of my stay. Overall, not bad for a quick b-trip. 
2296 Describe the service you expericended: Great service Tell us how you liked the room: Clean room. Great location. heated pool and hot tub. 
2297 My boyfriend had stayed at the Milburn before so when we went back to NY last summer we stayed there. I loved the location and we had an enormous room with the most brilliant view. This hotel is great value and I would definitely stay there again. 
2298 Apple Core has done a great job with this previous Choice Hotel. Very friendly and helpful staff, great location, just steps from most theaters. Small room to be expected, but very clean- some bulky furniture issues, but 4 of us managed just fine-who's in their room much in NYC? 
2299 Ci sono tornato per la seconda volta e ci tornerei anche la terza. Ho utilizzato una superior room a due letti che consiglio vivamente. Grande e comoda. La location dell'hotel e' perfetta. Inevitabili i rumori di strada, come del resto in tutti gli hotel di ny. Atmosfera decisamnte rillassante. 
2300 we stayed here as a family and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves great location, close to everything 
2301 SStayed her in March 2012 for st patricks day andthe new York half marathon.good location, quiet at night and fabulous views from roof top terrace of empire states and Chrysler building. Had deluxe double, which had 2 huge very comfortable beds. 
2302 Booked at the last minute & room rates were quite expensive. Expected more from a four star. Internet v expensive. On a positive note, location is excellent & evening wine reception is a nice touch. 
2303 We used RCI points, so our stay for a week was about $85. It was not worth the savings. I would easily spend $500 a night for a better place. There weren't enough elevators to for the number of guests they had. There are no amenities at this hotel. 
2304 Great place to stay downtown at a very reasonable price. Throw in the extra cash to get the breakfast lovers, great omelets and waffles. 
2305 My wife and I always stay at this hotel whenever we go to NYC. We have stayed at a number of other hotels in the Times Square area, but always ended up bak here. Now, whenever we go to NYC, we only stay at The Renaissance Times Square. 
2306 In posizione strategica, direttamente sopra la Grand Central Station e la metropolitana e comunque al centro delle attrazioni 
2307 Ha un coffee bar aperto da poco nella hall, ma se si vuole risparmiare basta accedere alla stazione e si trovano, bar, ristoranti, negozi di ogni genere. Letto comodissimo. 
2308 Room very nice, bed was great. Stayed there after business meeting in Houston had early flight next day. Took me 10 minutes to get from Hotel to Avis Return on bus and at Airport. Nice little sports bar there but did not eat there. 
2309 The hotel is in a good location, only 20 mins walk to TIme Square, 2 mins walk to central park. The rooms are very big and clean. Can't complian about the staff, It was great to have a self catering room and they are loads of supermarkets in the area. 
2310 Really loved this hotel!!! Beautiful lobby, housekeeping was very accommodating, and bell staff took great care of our damages (from shopping on 5th ave. that is)! No troubles staying at this hotel and absolutely NO BED BUGS! Perfect weekend getaway with the girls. We'll be back Barclay! 
2311 Appartementkamers zijn ruim en comfortabel. Complimentary ontbijt kan je beneden halen en vervolgens kan je in appartement ontbijten. Wel stadslawaai, maar ruimte en locatie en rust op overloop waar slechts 4 appartementen op uitkomen maakt het een goede keuze om met 4 - 6 personen te verblijven. 
2312 The hotel was very clean and close to everything we wanted to do on our short trip. The staff were amazing and went out if their way to make us feel welcome. Very accommodating, polite, friendly and eager to help. Will definitely stay there again on our next trip! 
2313 I had a great stay. The only downside was they did not have the televison shows I enjoy to watch. This is a great place to stay for business. I recommend this place to anyone who have to stay for business. 
2314 Great hotel, great location, would highly recommend it to anyone who wants to stay in the 34th Street vicinity..... 
2315 Really enjoyed our stay! Nice staff and awesome location! We loved our stay! 
2316 The room I booked was small and spare, nothing exciting. But I slept well, which is what counts most in the end, right? 
2317 We have stayed at the Casablanca Hotel 2 times and it is the very best hotel in New York City. The location is the best. The service is better than the best. I will never stay anywhere else but the Casablanca Hotel when in New York City. 
2318 Really nice hotel, central location, excellent & helpful concierge Only bad thing is there are gaps around the doors into the rooms, which let in noise 
2319 great location,good area of town. Shopping and food area is great. 
2320 reicht dieses Hotel allemal. das zimmer war zweckmaessig eingerichtet, das bad jedoch etwas dreckig, aber die putzfrau hat zumindest jeden tag gesaugt und frische handtuecher gebracht. die lage ist super, alle sehenswuerdigkeiten sind schnell zu erreichen 
2321 Great hotel. Very environmentally conscious. Close to all lower Manhatten attractions. Rooms very clean and well kept. Staff most helpfull. I would highly recommend. 
2322 I've stayed in many hotels in Chicago, and have to say Swissotel beat them all! Rooms are a good sized, the bed is super comfy, the pool and fitness center well-appointed, and service was outstanding! This will be my return hotel in Chicago! 
2323 Stayed one night. Room was infested with bed bugs. Suffered bites on ankles and arms. Left early next morning and booked a room at the Hilton. 
2324 We really enjoyed our stay at the Hyatt. Their adequately-sized rooms are nicely decorated with a very comfortable bed. The staff are friendly and helpful. 
2325 Het hotel is zeer gunstig gelegen vlak bij een metrostation en vlak bij de ingang van Central Park. Het is een rustige buurt. Ontbijt is inbegrepen. Kamers zijn niet al te groot, maar ruim genoeg, met eigen badkamer. 
2326 Third time staying at Affinia Gardens. Rooms are very tranquil, clean and spacious. Staff is friendly and accomodating. Chris, the bellman always remembers us. Shefi at front desk always gets us in right away. The location is the best. Will look forward to returning. 
2327 I was most impressed by the hotel front desk staff (Jenny and Margaret). 
2328 Great large rooms with stunning view of the NYC skyline from the bath (City View King Studio) Great service and the food was great too? Will definitely return on our next trip 
2329 Good things - great location, close to subway lines - very helpful, courteous staff - decent workout room Bad things - breakfast overpriced - heating system in room very noisy - wireless internet very slow 
2330 The staff when coming into Chicago stay at the Crowne 2 to 3 times a month. Very friendly and professional staff. The hotel is very clean and located near the expressways; making it easy access from any of the airports. Would also recommend for leisure stay. 
2331 no lo conocia y la empresa que me invito a dar una conferencia me llevo alla y la verdad para nada mal , para una o dos noches esta bien. 
2332 Very pleasant stay. I didn't expect a whole lot, as we obtained a very good discounted price, with a free breakfast included, but decided to try it after reading the many favorable reviews. Pleasant staff, clean, spacious room, and good location. Would stay again. 
2333 I check into this hotel and was surprised to see everyone spoke French, and was very accommodating. The lobby is old world Euorpe style with a bit of history. The rooms were clean and comfortable, the baths were also very clean, The staff was very helpful I liked it 
2334 great location, great staff/service, nice rooms, great value for the money and overall nice feel to this place, we'll be there again. 
2335 We loved the free hot chocolate. Staff were always helpful. The room was small but clean and functional. Location was brilliant and provided excellent value for money. 
2336 99 bucks for a safe clean, comfortable room in NYC? Can't beat it. Sure you have to share a bathroom, but it's clean as hell, and the place was generally quiet. On a budget - you could do worse. Great safe location too, 
2337 I won't stay anywhere else in Manhattan. This was a very on-the-spur-of-the-moment reservation as travel plans were disrupted. We had an extremely comfortable suite--for just one night!--which provided us with the complete relaxation we needed. The receptionist, Michelle, was delightful and most helpful. Our dinner in Niles was outstanding, too. 
2338 One to say you've been and done but there are better hotels in NY for the price. You can't fail to be impressed by the history but rooms are small, facilities dated and feeling a bit tired Great location but you know that before you book 
2339 Stay in the Benjamin for 5 Nights last year fantastic room, great service, polite staff, walking distance to a lot of things. 
2340 Travelled with my mother who is in a wheelchair, the roll-in shower was perfect, room was very clean, larger than most with separate sitting area. Easy walk to Carnagie Hall, Central Park, Times Square, and Broadway. 
2341 Great staff, close to Times Square and subways. Had a fantastic trip and the Hotel was a bonus. Would advise to bring a good pair of shoes for walking. Only 8 blocks to 42nd and 7th which is the heart of Times Square. 
2342 The value of my stay for the dollar is almost unmatched in NYC! The rooms are exquisitely designed and the in-room ambiance is tranquil. The bar scene is vibrant and the staff are the best! I would definitely suggest. 
2343 In our second stay at this hotel,one of the two rooms we had booked weren't available, due to other guest who didn't leave the room at his check out time, the hotel gave us all their apologies and a convenient solution. Excellent location and great hotel. 
2344 I only stayed one night---after the office Christmas party. Everything was great! The reception was warm and pleasant. The receptionist was all to pleased to upgrade me and gave me an exceptional room. The room was large, comfortable, lovely and clean! Will def. stay again! 
2345 We have stayed here before and really like this hotel. Good location. Quiet. We also had issues with the shower curtain as other reviewers did. We did find the bed to be too soft for our taste. Overall I would recommend this. 
2346 Convenient locoatio, easy access to China town, Little Italy, and subway. 
2347 Norwegian family with two children (10 and 12) stayed 4 nights at the hotel. Perfect location, the best service minded staff, well functioning rooms and nice breakfast arrangements. This hotel can truly be recommended to anyone who want to stay centrally in Manhatten. 
2348 Stayed here for one night on 9/11 and can't say enough about the quality/price ratio. We Hotwire'd a great last minute rate and were thrilled that they didn't treat us like a discount customer. The restaurant is casual but with great food from a top chef. 
2349 I like this hotel in NYC as the bedrooms are larger than most. However, even on a very high floor, the noise is very loud, and very annoying (right next to Ground Zero). Otherwise, good hotel and great location. 
2350 Prima hotel, goede prijs kwaliteit verhouding. Zeer centraal gelegen. Alle attracties op loopafstand. Prima bedden, mooie ruime kamers. Wil er zeker terug en zal het bij vrienden en kennissen aanbevelen. 
2351 The rooms were old and small. The week leading up to Hurricane Sandy, they were $250 a night. After everyone's flights were cancelled and they were stuck there, they went up to $450 a night. The staff was also very rude. 
2352 Nice location, nice rooms, the front desk people could be a little nicer. 
2353 As a platinum member of Marriott Rewards, I'd at least think I would be told that I was being put in a handicap-accessible room when I checked in. I wasn't. It's a typical airport-area hotel. Barely tolerable for one night. 
2354 What more is there to say I stayed a week and got many bites. 
2355 Very well located and close to the park for those who love running there. Good size hotel, you really feel like being at home. Rooms were quite big and nothing-missing. Great Federico at the reception late hours "muy simpatico y eficiente". The bar is also very comfort and relaxing. 
2356 This place was great! It was down the road from Time Square-couple minute walk! And right next to 42nd street which is booming with so much aswell! Madame Tussuads, shops, food places etc. And the hotel itself was great! we had a high level, and really enjoyed our room. 
2357 Hotel is not as cramped as expected, very clean and in a perfect location less than a block from times square. 
2358 Great hotel tucked alongside 5th Avenue. Great location in midtown. Comfortable, cool and has the best coffee 
2359 Helpful staff Good location Nice room No complaints Ill be back here again. 
2360 A viagem mais perfeita de Sempre ! 
2361 Shabby room. Excessively loud air conditioning. Very mediocre service. 
2362 Stayed over Christmas, first time in NYC. Great location and service, not amazing rooms but great value for money given how close it is to Times Square! 
2363 Excelente localizacao, muito limpo, otimo servico. Quarto pequeno, porem ja sabia disso. Diaria cara, como qualquer hotel em NY. Recomendo! 
2364 Very good location ; near orange line subway station ; easy walking distance to Times Square and Penn Station ; restaurants everywhere nearby ; good attitude personnel ; roof top terrace ; comfortobale and quiet room ; breakfest with hot and cold. 
2365 One stay has made this my first choice whenever in NY. Serene lobby and staff were a pleasant welcome after a long day. But, even better was our room's view of the Queensboro bridge at night. Beautiful! Thank you Bentley for a wonderful stay. 
2366 Great value, parking very reasonable for the location, excellent service. Highly recommended. The free coffee and hot beverages are good, the breakfast isn't. 
2367 Cost only 190USD a night, with free pastry and coffee, tea breakfast. centralised location to Time Square, Empire State and many places :D 
2368 I stayed with my family over Labor Day weekend and my wife was attacked by bed bugs. She was up scratching and in pain for the next week. I contacted the hotel but they never replied. Evidently, this must be a common occurence. Stay Away !!! 
2369 The lobby is deceiving. It's very busy and trendy. The first room that they put me in was occupied and dirty. The second room was smaller than my college dorm room, had stains on the carpet and had no view. The food however, was fabulous, no complaints there. 
2370 Great, modern hotel. Nice touch to have free coffee, paper and a place to read in lobby. Only odd thing is a pocket door to bathroom and a shuttered window, less privacy. Staff very friendly and helpful. 
2371 This hotel was exceptionally clean and the staff was friendly and attentive. Kevin, Evelyn and Monique were more than helpful with all our needs. We will definitely return to this hotel. 
2372 highlight of this hotel is it's killer location, view from our room was less than average, And what happened to the great service everyone speaks of here? Was nowhere to be found during my visit, overall the location in times square makes it a "Will Return" Experience 
2373 I stayed here March 17 and 18, 2011. Great neighborhood, close to the Broadway subway line, exceptional service, attractive rooms. Perfect for a weekend visit to NYC. 
2374 Nice, clean and very well located hotel (few minutes walking to Times Square). I experienced a very good service from staff when needed. Breakfast is good and it really worth it. Advisory about places to visit from the guys at the front desk was also very helpful. 
2375 Spent a night here and loved it, staff was friendly, room was a bit small. But the bed made up for it all, room also clean 
2376 I have stayed three times over the last six months. Each stay has been wonderful. The staff is friendly, the location is convenient to the theater district. The lounge on the roof has a fun atmosphere. 
2377 We stayed at this hotel in July 2006 for 4 days. It was ok, very nicely located, but the room we stayed in was a bit small. We were expected the room to be a bit bigger. 
2378 This was our first trip to Houston. We found this hotel very clean The service was very good and it is very well located for the Galleria The only negative is the air conditioning is very noisy. If we return to Houston again we would stay here. 
2379 An interesting introduction to manhattan, trought a little hotel in the middle of the city with a nice wiew on the nearest skyscrapers. Nice rooms (deluxe type) and an original breakfast area. 
2380 Well you can get 2 beds or a King but still small rooms. Rooms were cozy and Clean. Service was Great and amenities was a nice plus. 
2381 Highly recommended. Stayed for 3 days and were, admittedly, upgraded to a junior suite which was enormous and had amazing views of the Chrysler Building and East River. Everywhere very clean and the staff were very helpful. 
2382 The seton is the perfect hotel, clean and friendly. The location is excelent and in walking distance to everything but still quiet enough to sleep well. The staff are extremly helpful, friendly and happy to help 
2383 We were in NYC in the end of 2010 and loved the hotel. Goods: free wifi, nice room, great breakfast and excelent location! 
2384 I booked THe Whitehall after reading it is considered a "luxury" hotel. I found it to be adequate. The linens are not of a high quality, the bath is small and poorly lit. THe room was clean and large enough, but in no way would be considered a luxury property. 
2385 Stayed for three nights before we cruised back to Southampton. Everything was perfect. Beautiful Suite. Would definetly recommend this Hotel. 
2386 If you are in New York you wont regret going here. great location great service and very clean. when i am back i will stay here again. Decent sized rooms for New York City. near the subway too. The bathroom was small but clean. pleasantly suprised, staff so helpful. 
2387 The rooms are so nice. I love that it is close to times square. If you go to Manhattan, give this hotel a try!!! 
2388 They have redone the lobby and the bathrooms. Yes, the carpet and furniture are the old Hampton styles, but it is clean and the staff is great. I almost didn't stay here because of the ratings relative to other properties in the area. I'm glad I stayed at the Hampton. 
2389 Location is great! All else leaves a lot to be desired: I was offered a room with bad smell, another room with terribly squeaking beds. Noisy air-conditioning etc. All in all: I'll look for another experience before checking into this hotel again 
2390 Great hotel because of the location. Good deal because we paid ahead. Elevators a little burdensome. Restaurants very expensive. We had a view over 44th and the Hudson so we watched July 4th fireworks from our room. Rooms very comfortable. 
2391 Stayed 4 nights in this hotel in March very good,will stay again next time in New York 
2392 albergo bellissimo, in posizione strategica.a prezzo pieno costava 800 dollari a notte ma abbiamo trovato un'offertona su internet,assolutamente da consigliare 
2393 Traveled here with my girlfriend for a girls trip to NYC. Room was spacious and clean. Location was centralized and felt like it was a safe area. Staff friendly and helpful. 
2394 We were hosted warmly as a first time visitors of LA. Reception explained very detailed information about our stay. The house car was very helpful to us to go shopping nearby. 
2395 clean, great location, train station resturant's close by just easy it's midtown. i recomend it. 
2396 We have had a roam for 4 person. It was a disaster, not clean and very, very, very olt roam. We have aske for a new roam, but it was the same low quality. We moved to a goog Hotel !! 
2397 Extre Ely satisfied , service very polite, very clean 
2398 We've just got back from NYC, and stayed at the Novotel.. We loved the place, very helpful Concierge (John) friendly staff, clean rooms, nice decor, smashing location.. We will be back! 
2399 not really what i expected. location good, but rooms simply too small even for NY standards 
2400 The best location in NY! We went at christmas time so was the best place to stay, small room but average for the city, don`t expect much from service, very cold and away. Overall was fair enough. 
2401 Very good location, nice room, wifi. I'll stay there again. 
2402 We booked this hotel for a great price so I wasn't sure how nice it would be. The rooms are simple but clean and the beds are comfortable. The staff is super friendly! By far the nicest hotel staff I have come across. I would highly recommend this hotel. 
2403 this is my 3rd time in NYC and I have to say is the best hotel ever!, I recomend this hotel 100% the location is just perfect, you are in the center of the world, the rooms, are beautiful, and the breakfast its even better! 
2404 Good hotel with great location. Nice clean rooms. Good service from the staff. Will definately consider to order room in this hotel again. 
2405 This is one of those rare gems you only find once in a while. The rooms are absolutely terrific, the staff is wonderfull, overall our four day mini vacation was wonderful. Can't say enough about the one bedroom suite for just over $200.00 per night. 
2406 This hotel is well decorated, the beds are extremely comfortable, the staff are friendly and the location is perfect - right around the corner from Times Square. I highly recommend it. It's quirky enough not to be another bland hotel but also convenient and quiet. 
2407 Stayed there in May. The staff there were really helpful and friendly. The front desk got really busy around noon and it didn't allow early check-in. Received a room upgrade and a welcome package as a platinum member. Waiting for elevator sometimes took a while. 
2408 Stayed here for 1 week of my USA trip. This places was really loud, the staff at the front desk were not very helpful at all. The rooms were oldish and the house keeping was not that good at all! If you can i would avoid this place!! 
2409 Elegant, pleasing decor, courteous and helpful staff, great location, spacious room...everthing you need in a hotel. I would stay here any time while in NYC. 
2410 The staff is very helpful, the zone is great, amazing nightlife, the hotel has its own style, everything is great. The PhD is amazing, has one of the best views of the city, great music, great people. 
2411 First trip to New York for 40th birthday, it was the best time ever, hotel was amazing with a room overlooking the Cathedral, perfect location, right next to the Rockerfella centre, well worth a vsit to both the hotel and the city, fantastic place. 
2412 Thank you St.Marks for the pleasent stay, we stayed 5 nights, the shower was warm, the rooms clean, not much comfort, but you just fall into bed when you do sightsseing in NYC, and therefor it'S perfect (100 metres from the next subw.-station. Geli and Franz from Germany 
2413 Strange approach by the staff starting with chech-in and ending with no possibility for a bath after check-out and after a day meeting and before flying out.To expensiv compared to the price and only the location and view can justify the chose. 
2414 We were pleasantly surprised with this hotel. We got a killer deal staying on a Sunday night ($129) so we didn't expect much. To our surprise this is one of the nicest hotels we've stayed at in the City. Excellent location, friendly staff. We would definitely book again 
2415 We booked here for location. It was very close too everything we wanted to do.Room was small as are all in NYC, but the cookie was a nice touch at check in. Hotel is clean and staff are nice. I would definitely book this hotel again. 
2416 The Hotel was comfortable and was quiet. Nothing special about the decor nor the size of the room. But there weren't any 'surprises' to darken my stay. I'd stay here again! 
2417 I enjoyed my stay at this hotel very much! room is small but location and friendly staff compensates that! Guys from reception are great - thanks Julio Acosta :-) I will definitely return to this hotel! Best, Khatuna 
2418 Good facilities, friendly and welcoming staff, great location for restaurants that you can walk to and other amenities, good breakfast buffet, I must like it as I'm going back there in a couple of weeks! 
2419 We found this hotel to be quiet, clean, convenient and friendly. The room we had was not large but lovely. Only complaint would be that the air conditioning did not work well in our room. The staff is very accomodating and the restaurant was wonderful. 
2420 Although the hotel is nicely located in Manhattan when you enter the reception you have a feeling it is a budget youth hostel and not a 4 star hotel. The rooms are terribly small. Breakfast is expensive and not good at all. 
2421 We checked in for 3 nights 13July'06 & the hotel was full & very busy. Although our room looked onto a wall it was clean, comfortable. The location is awesome, 1 min walk to Michigan Ave, 10min walk to Lake & 10min walk to Subway station. Recommended for price,/location. 
2422 un hotel fantastico nella posizione e nell'idea!innovativo e al passo coi tempi stil newyorkese!una sera mi sono divertito da paura nel corso di una bella festa glamour presso l'Hotel!lo consiglio!centralissimo e personale molto cordiale!free wifi e ottimimuffin per colazione! 
2423 Yes, it's an older building, but it was clean, the staff friendly and accomodating. The room was larger than expected. A/C would have been nice, as the room was quite warm, and I would have enjoyed better internet access, but these are small things. I would stay there again. 
2424 The location is great and the price is good for New York (we were 4 girls in a double room so that helped). The extra charge for wifi and local phone calls was a little ridiculous but...it's New York after all. 
2425 I stay here often for business, not because I want to. The location is a bit far east for my taste. The rooms are in need of updating but ok. Staff is friendly but beware o the rooms near the elevators- they ate really loud. 
2426 Posizione Splendida, hotel molto pulito e con personale cortese (non parlano italiano). Vista mozzafiato. Attenzione, non fate la colazione in albergo che vi spennano.... 
2427 Property over was very clean, rooms were nice, clean lines, comfortable bed. Staff was great. Doorman Brian is also a standout. 
2428 For a city centre hotel with decent size, very comfortable rooms and everything you need within a short distance, you can't knock this place. This is a solid four star with helpful staff and reasonable room service food prices. 
2429 My husband and I love to stay at the Affinia Manhattan, the staff is excellent and we are always very pleased with our experience there. The bar and dining facilities are good and the hotel is convenient to many things. 
2430 I come to the city 3 or 4 times a year and have been staying at the London since they rebranded. It is always a great experience. Awesome rooms, killer location and the food/bar is always happening. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed. 
2431 This hotel is steps away from the world-famous Magnificent Mile! While it is in an establishment built decades ago, the staff was incredibly accommodating, especially Michael! While my stay was not one of pleasure, they sure made my stay quite hospitable! Kudos to Red Roof Downtown Chicago! 
2432 we were travelling as a group of three. our "appartment" was very nice and roomy. the location of the hotel is also very good, 5 minutes walk to the rockerfeller.... 
2433 The room might be a 4 star room, but the bathroom is definitely only 3 stars. I can see pipe sticking out of the wall in the tub and the water control looks like it's about to fall apart. I'm disappointed--I was looking for a more obviously 4-star experience. 
2434 excellent cheap and cheerful in the heart of manhattan. very clean, staff very helpful, couldn't really fault it and will stay there next visit. thanks to all at hotel, merry christmas. 
2435 The position of the hotel is great!!! The staff is also great, in particular Elisabeth at the front desk, she has been really nice and helpful. I got reasonable rates for a very good service. I'll be back next trip to NY. 
2436 The hotel was conveniently located and fairly priced. The rooms were small but clean and nicely decorated, The hotel offered a very good complimentary breakfast. I would recommend this hotel and I would return. 
2437 The hotel was beautiful and full of history. A must stay, the staff was very nice and helpful throughtout our stay. The rooms a little dated but very well kept and clean. 
2438 Room was nice and clean. Upon check-in music was playing from the clock radio at the oversized bed with big pillows. The only complaint is that it seems the hotel does not have a lobby or bar to relax in. Great hotel. 
2439 Excelente servicio y ubicacion, su cercania a Times Square garantiza una estadia agradable para cualquier turista. Facil acceso al Subway en diferentes rutas, igual a la Terminal de Buses y la gran variedad de restaurantes a su alrededor desde comida rapida a cenas formales. Volveria a disfrutar de estos servicios. 
2440 The location is great! But the service was awful! The rooms were large for New York standards. 
2441 Hotel com bom nivel de conforto, necessita de alguma atualizacao/redecoracao nos quartos. Localizacao excelente. Chuveiro muito baixo, mas decente. O minibar cobra automaticamente os itens e nao da pra usar com coisas pessoais. 
2442 I stayed here one night. It is fine, but nothing special. The hallways are oddly narrow, and there is a slightly musty odor. I would note that my room was good size for NYC and surprisingly quiet. 
2443 A nice surprise at a great price. Room spacious & quiet. This place is well maintained & clean. 
2444 front desk was helpful. Good location. 
2445 clean, fancy, inexpensive, i'll definitely stay there again. next time i'll try their color match system to get the right colored room. A+ 
2446 Clean room in good repair, ample supy of towels and linens, etc. Friendly staff, good location and security. Would definitely stay again! 
2447 An amazing stay in Feb for my sons 21st first birthday, we had a 2 bedroom suite complimentary gifts for the birthday boy, nothing was to much trouble and I was so impressed by the room which made our trip.. 
2448 I stayed at the Swissotel Chicago for 1 nioght in August. I found the staff to be very helpful. The room was beautifully equipped and the downtown location can't be beat. I would highly recommend this hotel for buisiness or pleasure. 
2449 One small issue with room (smell of smoke coming from another room on the floor - entire floor was meant to be non-smoking) which was dealt with very quickly by understanding and most helpful staff. 
2450 Style is very evident in this hotel. Felt like I was locked in an IKEA. The breakfast was very good and service was nice. Is pretty far from downtown or galeria area. Can walk to some great restaurants. 
2451 Unfortunately had to wait an hour for them to bring a cork scew. Unbelievable bad service. "service express"; what a joke. 
2452 Small, cramped, overrun with students/backpacks. No lobby to speak of, understaffed at the desk. Room was decent. Will try hard not to stay here again. 
2453 The hotel is great, staff very nice. Wonderful location. Will stay there again. 
2454 Be careful in looking for the hotel on Sage as the sign isnt real obvious, but once in the drive to the facilty its easy to access. 
2455 I had an enjoyable four night stay in February and it was a perfect little sanctuary in the middle of Tribeca. Walking distance from Nobu, and right in front of the subway. The hotel is mixed with the residential life. It's on the expensive side, but so is New York. 
2456 If you're coming to take th exam its great because its just five menutes from the cs center but its far from everything else. The bus tours and local hotspots are quite far whic becomes toruing a problem. 
2457 Customer service is horrible So do not stay at this place 
2458 Hotel centrale, personale disponibile, camere molto pulite, piccole ma funzionali (come di norma a Manhattan), eventualmente prendere opzione con 2 queen. Per fare colazione locale sulla 34st prima dell'incrocio con 9 ave, (100 mt lato sinistro molto buono e non caro). 
2459 This place is disgustingly old. The lobby is nice but the room is gross and carpet so dirty. For the same price do yourself a favor a stay somewhere else. 
2460 I enjoyed a spacious corner room with a nice view of park ave and the church across the street. Loved the complimentary wine every afternoon. 
2461 This hotel is on the Katy Freeway and that is the USP. I would zip across to any place as the highway just next to the hotel and helped me avoid the traffic jams. The breakfast in the hotel was excellent. 
2462 If you have to stay in mid-town Manhattan, this is a reasonable choice. No extras, nothing special, but is a good place to stay. It was pouring while I was there and couldn't get a cab, which is a problem in general, but in this location in particular. 
2463 An old hotel with small, dark rooms that need updating. Convenient to MSG and Penn Station, but there are so many nicer hotels to choose from. 
2464 Had everything I needed. The breakfast was a great addition to the rate. New York is not cheap and having that amenity really helped. The staff at the front desk was very helpful as well! 
2465 Beds too small for two people. The hotel and rooms were clean and nice. 
2466 The hotel was nice, but the front desk service was EXCELLENT. Sandra Esp, our attendant - AMAZING. Very nice, thorough and helpful - being fairly new to NYC, she was kind and patient with our questions and offered some great tips! Only neg - - -Hotel restaurant was horrid! 
2467 15 min away from the loop, walking. Carpet in the room wasn't as clean as it could have been. Definitely not a destination for a romantic getaway. Otherwise it was alright to spend two nights in. 
2468 Stayed only one night but it was very pleasant...great touches, such as refrigerated water from the tap, just a really nice place. 
2469 Hotel is always clean when I visit. Been there 4 times and enjoy staying. Nice comfortable beds and nice tv 
2470 The staff is always helpful and courteous. I recommend this hotel. 
2471 This property is attached to the Galleria Mall and to several fantastic restaurants. The rooms are quite spacious, comfortable and clean. Their elevators are quite unique in how they are operated. You will have to experience them to understand them :-) I will stay here again without any hesitation. 
2472 excelent hotel,apartment, in very nice area and ship price 
2473 We stayed here on labor day weekend we were in town for some sight seeing and a Yankees game! The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly! Charles in the lobby was super nice and helpful! We plan on visiting again in november! 
2474 I was here for one night on the company dime, and that was fine. The room was clean and comfortable if not overly large, and the location was very good - essentially in the heart of NYC. 
2475 orrible, dirty and dark 
2476 this hotel is smack bang in the middle of everything great location and great hotel ,hotel rooms are lovely what more could you need.. 
2477 really a very nice hotel, design and decor was great. The rooms are a bit small but very nice in forniture and the linen are FANTASTIC. Only a problem during the stay we wait 45 minutes for someone that pick up our luggages from the room... 
2478 I'm not happy with this hotel, poor in loungh, features, kids area, laggage staff (they Do not move do not receive It is good reception especially Mr. Sadk, location 
2479 Great Location Close To The Galleria And Movie Theaters. Excellent Buy. I Specially Love The 3 Bed Suite With One Of The Beds Being A More Private One In A Room Within The Suite. Recommended. 
2480 Brilliant hotel in a great location on Lex. Right by a metro station and within easy walking distance of many place. Large, clean rooms Free wifi in lobby. Only downside is no free wifi in bedrooms. Great staff, really helpful. 
2481 We appreciated this hotel for its convenient Midtown location, and its price which, while somewhat expensive, was reasonable for a Manhattan hotel with this level of quality. The room was clean, quiet and comfortable. 
2482 We will not return because: the registrar held my cc and license and walked out of sight; the shower did not work; the eggs were cold; no coffee packets left in room; back door was unlocked for 2 days. It was clean. 
2483 All the postive reviews for Hotel Metro already say it all! The attentive staff truly make all the difference to this perfectly placed hotel. We loved every second of our stay here and would book this little gem again above any 5 star hotel in New York. 
2484 Tiny "cabins", movable bed/ couch is creative and convenient use of space, fine for sleeping but wouldn't want to spend any waking hours in such a tiny space! Very clean, nice rain shower and heated towel bar. Food at the restaurant was not very good, but fast and convenient. 
2485 Wonderful hotel, all staff were fantastic (housekeeping and Nora at the front desk get special mentions here), rooms were spacious and lovely. Sleep menu was cool. Location is great. Loved the restaurant and bar (The National). 
2486 Good Points: Great location, easy walk to Times Square, theatres, shops and attractions. Room was surprisingly large and spacious. Great views. Bathroom a bit dated but clean. Attached restaurant good and breakfast including in price. Helpful and knowledgeable staff. Bad Points: Nothing to speak of. 
2487 So called deluxe queen room was tiny with closet space for a mouse (a large mouse, anyway) and a toilet that flooded the bathroom when I wasn't looking. Charming otherwise and nice staff, but not enough to overcome the rest or justify $220/nite. 
2488 I was only there one night. Great location to walk around to shops and restaurants. I only saw 2 staff members. Andrew was there when we arrived, very nice and friendly. I was I would have ask the lady's name when we check out. Very nice too. 
2489 I stayed at the Hilton Chicago for a conference and fortunately the $$ for the rooms did not have to come out of my wallet. It is quite expensive but beautiful and clean. and the staff is very, very friendly and helpful! The bed in my room was incredibly comfortable! 
2490 Expensive...yes, worth it yes. It was a great stay at the Casablanca. I know now why it is ranked #1 out of all the NYC hotels. Thanks for a wonderful time! 
2491 Staff were very helpful from the start to the end of our holiday. Great concept, rooms although compact are not cramped and we had a great view of Manhattan. Location is ideal for exploring the city! highly recommended. 
2492 I decided to book Mondrian Soho with the idea to walk around Soho, but sadly we are not at the heart of Soho but rather on the edge of Soho, borderline to Chinatown. The room is rather small. 
2493 We stayed here as it's such a historic hotel to be in when visiting New York. The staff were wonderful, and the hotel lovely. It was not outrageously priced and our room was beautiful with 3 huge windows to gaze out of. 
2494 my wife and I spent 4 nights over the labor day weekend. king size bed, comfy room, the mini refrig. and microwave a big plus. very convenient location,helpful staff, and excellent value. the 2 only and older elavators can be annoying during the busy times. would return without question. 
2495 A few blocks from the subway. Easy check-in. We had the option of the kiosk or the receptionist gladly checked us in. Clean room. View of the world trade construction. Excellent price for the weekend. I would definitely recommend this place. 
2496 I travel frequently and rarely do I fine a hotel with staff like the Crown Plaza Brookhollow. From Henry at the Front Desk to Nicole at the Front Door, the staff at this hotel make this a pleasurable stay. Highly recommend. 
2497 My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights in February. Really friendly staff, room was a little small but very clean and everything we needed. Directly opposite Madison Square Gardens and Penn Station so the location was superb. Great bar and friendly barman. Will stay here again next visit. 
2498 Well located on side street just off of Times Square. Approx. 2 blocks from Bryant Park and the Grace Building. Great little boutique hotel. Clean, quiet and comfortable. Great little bistro bar next door, with secret hallway to from hotel! 
2499 Great location and very nice interior. Have stayed here many times and will continue to use this La Quinta when I'm in the area. 
2500 This was a fantastic bargain. The rooms were nice & clean. It was just a few blocks off of the magnificent mile. And did I mention FREE parking! Great for a weekend getaway with the friends or for couples living on the cheaper end. Will definately stay again. 
2501 bad management.... i am not talking about the house maids they service was good but the high level management are mean....they try to charge for everything... 
2502 Het is een redelijk hotel, zeker gezien de prijs. O.k. je hebt een gedeelde badkamer, maar deze was altijd heel schoon. De kamer was klein, maar comfortabel en ook schoon. De plek is vlakbij 33th street met Metro, zodat je snel overal heen kunt. 
2503 The position is great. The rooms are spacious but there are some drawbacks. The lobby is like the departure lounge of a busy airport. The room service is extremely expensive. The concierge is overworked and needs to be chased up. However, the pluses considerably outweigh the minuses. 
2504 We stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn in October 2012 and found it to be clean, comfortable, spacious, and convenient. The location was perfect. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would stay here again! 
2505 We popped into NYC for one night to see a show. We wanted to be in the Times Square/Theater District. This hotel was a great bargain for the price and centrally located to the other things we wanted to do. We would definitely stay there again. 
2506 Wonderful room, new, comfortable and a nice size for two. The marble bathroom and amenities were first class. We would not hesitate to stay there again. 
2507 Avevo la camera davanti al Chrysler Building !!!! spettacolo.... sei praticamente nel cuore di NY e solo questo vale un soggiorno in questo Hotel!!!!!!!!!!! vicino a Time Square e a tutte le attrazioni di Ny.... Ci tornerei........ 
2508 I certify that this review is my genuine opinion of this hotel, and that I have no personal or business affiliation with this establishment, and have not been offered any incentive or payment originating from the establishment to write this review. 
2509 this hotel s----!!!!!!!!!!! bed bugs overun the place. seman stained sheets that are simply turned over for future use. torn and dirty shades. this is a poor excuse for a hotel!! 
2510 Rooms are good and comfy, the bathroom facilities could be larger to provide greater comfort; the gym could also be larger, however what this boutique lacks in size and amenities it makes up for in friendliness and tranquility 
2511 Greta location, warm staff..this hotel tops you up with two free bottles of water a day and takes you within a one mile radius of the hotel to shop, dine, browse, or worship. 
2512 Stayed here for a week and enjoyed the usual style of a Thompson hotel. Amazing location for Wall Street financial district, ten mins from Soho. Great service. Nice breakfast 
2513 this hotel is so handy especially if you have a late flight - its walking distance inside the airport and the services are excellent. we were booked bed and breakfast and the restaurant was really nice and so was the breakfast. highly recommended good value for money 
2514 What else to say; good situation in the earth of Manhattan, a lot of space (suite) and clean. Gently staff, highly recommended! 
2515 front desk was very helpful, and accomodating, great location for theaters, smallish room, but had all the essentials. would stay here again. 
2516 Excelent! It was wonderful to see chrysler and empire at night from our window! 
2517 We stayed at the Warwick on November 6th. The room was quiet, clean, and comfortable, and the desk staff was very nice. We visit New York about nine times a year, and would definitely go back to the Warwick. 
2518 Unfriendly staff (Anthony) the heat was not working and they did not know how to fix it, no handicapped rooms, I was freezing and they did know what to do, the carpet are all stained and dirty and the door room was scratched and dirty 
2519 Loved the beds and the shower. In the Theater District and near Times Square. I'd stay there again in a minute! 
2520 I loved this hotel. When the staff found out we were celebrating a birthday, they sent a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries to our room. I love the old world charm of this hotel. The romm was beautiful. I would stay there again! 
2521 Tiny rooms, thin walls, very loud outside and hallway noise. Friendly staff, nice bar and restaurant downstairs, West Branch. 
2522 Very easy for 1 night layover with 2 small children and 1 small dog. Great service, very friendly and helpful staff. 
2523 This is a national landmark and a flagship hotel but it is a real disappointment 
2524 The lobby and entrance maybe grand but the rooms are very dated and don't feel clean. The location is good and the restaurants are reasonably priced. 
2525 My boyfriend and I went as a little getaway. I origionally only chose it for the swimming pool, but it was so much more. We had a beautiful view overlooking Navy Pier and had a great time! I would definitely recommend it to anyone. 
2526 Goed hotel, een paar honderd meters van Central park. Je kunt er rustig kunt slapen, geen lawaai van straat verkeer. Er is een koelkastje op de kamer. Dineren en ontbijten kun je direkt om de hoek of laten bezorgen via de hotelservice. Aan te bevelen! 
2527 I had a wonderful time there with my family. Great location, luxurious hotel, large rooms with beautiful view over the Cathedral and very helpful staff 
2528 Definitely one of the best NYC experience! 
2529 This is a good Residence Inn. The experience was flawless - easy check in and a clean, comfortable room. The hotel is in a great location for tourists. 
2530 Very, very cool hotel.. Clean with wow factor.. Some construction noise but never a problem.. If you want decent large rooms and worth the cab/subway fare to get to times square. Stayed all over NY and this is the best bar none!!! Could be cheaper though at $499 a night..! 
2531 Small cosy hotel in a great location. Stay for 7 nights, good service by hotel staff. Easily accessible to uptown and downtown with subway just round the corner. Am using single room which is a bit small but just enough for my size and cosy enough.:) 
2532 Perto de tudo Muito bem localizado Organizado e limpo 
2533 Excellent located, no need for taxi here. Check in was good, room was clean, large, and bed was so comfortable. No complaints, since special rate of $98 made my wallet happy. You walk 3 blocks your in the middle of Times Square. 
2534 THis tiny but well appointed hotel was just a perfect spot for my seminar last week. The rooms are wonderful by NY standards and very convenient to shopping and dining. The staff is vey accomodating. The meeting rooms were comfortable. 
2535 ...........................tasha greeted us with the best service... best value, treasure we found, and have stayed before and will again when visiting the city. Have already highly recommended this hotel and will so again thanks 
2536 Well first time in NY & the Hotel was great. Good Rooms Good Facility & Good Location.. Building going on next door is noisy during the day BUT we were always out & about.. We would stay again.. 
2537 My parents, children and I stay at your property every January. We love the staff, the location, the price, etc. Thanks for all that you do! :) 
2538 This hotel is staffed with friendly and very helpful employees. I will be coming back. This hotel is close to downtown, midtown, medical center and Minute Maid. The lobby bathrooms were very clean and spacious. 
2539 the hotel is very nice and people who work in it are very pleasant. the staff was all the time asking to us if we need something. really it was a very nice experience i will never forget the expirence 
2540 Rooms are extremely small and very pricy, but they are clean and the staff is amazingly courteous and helpful. 
2541 This hotel is very well located, near 5th ave, central park and other atractions. The rooms are very big , comfortable, clean, and have a small kitchen. The breakfast is very good and has good price. The staff are kind and helpfull. I definitely would stay there again. 
2542 My daughter and I stayed here for three nights in July. Good location,clean rooms.We would stay here again. 
2543 Sehr freundlicher Service, sauberes ruhiges Zimmer. Absolut nichts zu beanstanden. 
2544 Hotel was clean and comfortable. Original request for quiet room resulted in claustrophobic view of brick wall, but able to trade for room with some street noise. Bottled water appeared to be complimentary but charged $7 per bottle. Comparatively good value in NYC. 
2545 We went with 4 people and had 2 separate rooms. Simple but decent breakfast. Very nice location. Small but clean bathroom. 20 minute walk from Times square. 
2546 This hotel is in the heart of the city, on the corner of Time Square. With a beautiful and modern architecture design and nice rooms, this hotel is the perfect spot on time square. 
2547 This is an excelent hotel in a first class location. Close to Time Square and Broadway but on a quieter steet. The service and staff were first class. The room was of the highest quality although stragely for the US no coffee making facilities. All round a great hotel 
2548 Why we love the Sherry...as soon as you pull up at the curb you worries are whisked away. The pure professional nature of the staff mixed with genuine kindness is wonderful. Everything is immaculate, the fresh flowers give off such a soothing scent. The food at Ciprianis is amazing! 
2549 This is a new property. Beautiful modern styled rooms. Great hotel for both business and pleasure. 
2550 Just a wonderful hotel, a little older hotel than some others, but, the service is great!! Stayed many nights and always had a good time. If there is ever an issue, the staff is always there to solve any problems and assist with anything you might rerquire. 
2551 Stayed at this hotel , the films were not available due to hotel changing supplier. So paid for WiFi 
2552 Hotel would not waive the WiFi charge ; which I thought was pretty mean of them; apart from that room was fine 
2553 Staff fine also 
2554 Excellent service, good clean room and great location for the price. Will be on my favs list. Recommend highly! 
2555 Can't beat the location if you're off to a broadway play. The room is small but clean and quiet. Staff are friendly. Great place for the price! 
2556 We paid 4 star hotel prices for a recently decorated, but tiny, basic room (queensize) with a bed & nothing more. Mandarin Oriental drinks are half the price! And otherwise no facilities in this room only hotel. V disappointed. 
2557 The hotel was great! Clean, which is a big plus in my book! Friendly staff! 
2558 This is a massive hotel without the luxury which is a shame. We booked here over marathon weekend and I would not recommend, hotel, rooms and service were all a bit shabby. Upsides are good location. 
2559 Wonderful hotel, excellent location, lovely, friendly staff. Would definatly stay here again!! 
2560 Please, look at my homepage: [--] All was good, but the "hotel" (West Side Inn) was very simple - but cheap. In any case I was pleased with the town! Below you can find two pics showing the average standard of my hotel room... 
2561 Selected because of its central and convenient location, I was pleasantly surprised by the comfort of the room and the friendliness of the staff. Truly one of the best bargains in Downtown Chicago. Will be booking at least two return trips soon. 
2562 hotel sempre molto affollato, con code per l'ascensore, code per accedere alla reception, code per la colazione. Ottimo invece per la posizione, per chi predilige l'upper est side. Comunque non ci tornerei. 
2563 Very clean room to stay. Though breakfast was rather poor and expensive 
2564 I would definitely stay at the Hotel at Times Square again. I loved the location. It was a very nice room for the price. The room was nicely decorated and was very clean. You can't beat the price. The bed was very comfortable. 
2565 Had heard bad reviews recently about the Soho Grand, but had good experiances there in the past. Stayed over the weekend and had a wonderful stay as usual. Beautiful room with a great view of NY. Attentive service, particularly at the front door. 
2566 Tribeca Grand is a beautiful first class hotel. Very professional staff ready to help out in any aspect. The location is perfect for a visit to the city. I couldn't even think of a knit-picky complaint! 
2567 Good Hotel, typical Airport style, good food well located... I opted for a smoking room, but big mistake... I wanted to give up smoking as soon as I walked into the room. 
2568 Classic hotel with old school cha. Ceiling in lobby is beautiful. Needs a few tweaks here and there but a classic property. Service in the bar in the lobby was very slow. Hotel staff good in some areas. Needs a little more consistency. 
2569 This place has become our favorite spot in Houston. Classy, elegant with service that is always on point. Beautiful pool area. Kid-friendly. 
2570 Very nice rooms and bathrooms, extremely courteous staff (all French), hotel well maintained. A very comfortable place to stay if you are in NYC on business for a couple of days. Well equipped gym and wifi etc. Rooms nice and quiet and no noise from the elevators! 
2571 Een redelijk hotel, met een moderne inrichting en uitstraling. Kamers zijn betrekkelijk klein, de Deluxe kamers zijn net wat ruimer. Er is altijd wel een goede prijs te onderhandelen. Locatie is goed, met een paar hotspots om de hoek, Times Square, maar vergeet ook Bryant Park niet. 
2572 Room so tiny, air conditionning not working, not clean. Bring desinfectant !!!!! Disgusting !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Don't go !!!!!!!!!!!! Look at our 120$ room! 
2573 I stayed here and found this hotel to be very nice. It's near Times Square but in a quiet area. It was clean, comfortable, and convenient to everything. 
2574 The location is very good, the subway is a block away and you can walk to the nearby resturants. The rooms are clean but small. The price is very affordable. 
2575 Difficult to find a great, quiet place to sleep in New York City. The Ritz does it every time! 
2576 Great hotel in the center of the city pretty , great rooms, right in the middle of everything expensive but worth it. 
2577 This is a great hotel to stay at for the price of the rooms. It's a convenient location very close to downtown. Not too much traffic around the area. The desk clerk was very friendly and the rooms were clean and tidy. 
2578 Booked via Hotwire for a GREAT price. Loved the hotel. Staff was friendly and the rooms were very clean. Great location. Walking distance to the Shedd Aquarium. 
2579 We arrived from train at 10 am. A friendly desk clerk immediately gave us our room and it was lovely. Clean, cool, and comfortable. The view from the 23rd floor was super. 
2580 Can't really say enough about this hotel. Perfect location, short little walk to Union Square. Staff were friendly and helpful, the rooms large and never a wait for the bathrooms (which were always clean). Will be back in the future, no questions asked. 
2581 We had a lovely experience during our stay at this hotel. The staff was fast and courteous upon our arrival. Our rooms were nice, clean, modern decor with the most wonderful comfortable beds ever! Super great showers! Quiet relaxing atmosphere. Would surely book at this hotel again! 
2582 The Doubletree Suites is very centrally located for site-seeing. Half-price tickets and the subway are steps away. The suites are large, very well appointed and very clean. The hotel was extremely quiet. You need to remember that the Times Squre area is very busy! 
2583 We stayed at the Millenium in June of '04 and loved it. The room was very spacious, the location was great, they checked room cards before allowing people into the elevator area to keep out non-guests. I would stay there again. 
2584 From the moment we entered the building, we felt very welcomed. Every person we encountered had a friendly smile, and all were very accomodating. Rooms were extremely clean and comfortable. To sum it up we had a super stay at The Time! 
2585 Everything was perfect! Staff was awesome, room was very nice and the location was great! Will hopefully be back soon! 
2586 Cozy and comfortable room. Convenient location close to lots of shopping and restaurants, but secluded and away from the congestion of the city. The pool area was nice, but lots of kids. I should have looked for the garden pool for peace and quiet. 
2587 I would say its one of the best location to stay in NY. Near to Time Square, Rockefeller Center, Central Park and the list goes on... 
2588 Right in the middle of the action. Easy walking to major attractions and with access to subway. Staff very helpful and informed. 
2589 Felt at home upon checking in. Lobby is clean and modern. Our room was tidy and the sheets were crisp. Plenty to see & do close by. Would recomend to anyone visiting Houston. 
2590 This hotel was clean and friendly. We got the room via Priceline and were pleased. The rooms were very clean and average sized for New York. Location is good. Right by subway. 
2591 The hotel was nice and clean, the location perfect and the staff was friendly. Satisfactory hotel!! 
2592 Stay away. Poor customer experience. Hostile and threatening security. Security team bossed around hotel manager. No kidding. Yes it's across street from Penn station, but locale is not worth it. Trust me, stay away, as they have no customer service appreciation, stall... 
2593 great location to do business, see broadway plays. very central to walk to many places. full services, friendly staff particular Fernando for breakfast or lunch. 
2594 Hotel is ideally located for many of the major attractions, lovely hotel one or two minor issues on the whole what you expect for a very busy New York hotel. Would happily recommend this hotel and even more important would def. stay here again 
2595 I really enjoyed staying at the hotel. The rooms were great and clean for price paid. Staff was courteous and ready to aid in making our 2 day stay comfortable and memorable. 
2596 We chose this hotel because of the positive reviews on tripadvisor. We were not disappointed. Good beds, clean rooms and a fantastic location. Breakfast could have been a bit better, but was okay, considering the price (9 dollars per person). Would definitely recommend! 
2597 A well kept secret. The rooms are spacious, impeccable and quiet. When we entered the room we gasped because it was much nicer than we expected it it be. 
2598 This Joint is no more. It has closed and is sold. It's a shame. I'm happy I managed to spend a night at this "museum". Not for the comfort, but for the atmosphere, history, architechture, art and just for this "been-there" thing. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2028125/Hotel-Chelsea-New-York-closes-Where-Dylan-Thomas-drank-death.html 
2599 This hotel has very nice, clean rooms with quality furnishings at reasonable prices. Very conveniently located for an air traveler. Staff is freindly and made sure I got to the airport in plenty of time! 
2600 great location, great service, the fastest check in i ever had 
2601 The stay was fantastic. The rooms were spacious and comfortable, and the staff was incredible. It's not cheap, but worth every penny. 
2602 We especially appreciated the shuttle. The room was very comfortable and temperature controlled well. Breakfast was excellent. 
2603 i was there during February 2008 for business , it was great experience, the hotel is very cute and the service is very nice and the room are clean and you feel very nice during the accomodation in it. 
2604 Very friendly, intimate boutique hotel. A bit pricey, but they extended a good group rate for a family wedding. N.Y. Eclectic design, but comfy and a very good restaurant. Lobby was a great place to gather for a cocktail & apps. 
2605 Wonderful lobby bar and restaurant. The soap is amazing. The room felt a bit cold and spartan, as did the hallways, but I still enjoyed my stay. 
2606 I stayed at the Radisson Martinique in June 2012. The hotel itself is excellent. The rooms are in excellent condition and very clean. The hotel itself is in a great location, with subway directly below, close to Time Square, Macy's and many pubs. I would definately stay there again. 
2607 I travel at least 50% of the year. Staying here was a pleasant surprise. I got an email before arrival that we real (personal, not auto-generated) and they responded to my requests. Everything was clean, everyone was helpful. I will absolutely stay here again! 
2608 great location...rooms with great views to the river and Lake Michigan...I would give it 5 stars but the big fountain in the lobby stinks up the entire entrance(chlorine and stale water smell)...other than that the rooms and services were excellent 
2609 stayed twice in the last month. both experiences pleasant. friendly staff, clean and comfortable room, great location. the beds are wonderful! 
2610 Great location, prompt service, luxurious beds to sleep in after long days of walking. Very convenient running line of taxi cabs at entrance with attendants assiting travelers. The hotel is walking distance to Broadway shows. Would absolutely return!! 
2611 Call ahead. Talk to the staff versus on the computer (Josette) she's the best. There's plenty to do, shopping, plays, sports, and the staff can get you there. 
2612 The hotel has a great location but rooms are not very well designed. yes they are all semi suites but unless you are on a high floor there is not enough lighting to compensate for the lack of natural light in the rooms. The bathrooms are quite nice though 
2613 For the most part I'm a fan of the Ace chain. I LOVE the NYC Ace. Great location, super hip scene, fantastic food, nice staff and great design. The "no.7 Sub" around the corner (owned by Ace) has THE BEST SUBS IN THE WORLD. 
2614 Stayed here on our first visit to NYC. Excellent hotel lovely room and good attention to service from staff. 
2615 tres bonne situation pas de vue depuis la chambre mais a ce prix la on ne peut pas tout avoir! pour le peu de temps que nous passions dans nore chambre ct super. Jamais de file aux salles de bains breff super adresse ! 
2616 it was a great stay. personnel was very helpful. in and out was easy. 
2617 perfect location. great finishes great amenities, including historic pool. full service gym Starbucks in lobby Wine bar in lobby 
2618 The service was excellent,with friendly and helpful porters ,beautiful breakfast and free coffee.The rooms were clean and beds changed every day.The location was ideal for any visitor to central Manhatton.We had a wonderfull experiance on our trip and thourily enjoyed our stay at the Marcel at Gramercy. 
2619 The staff in the hotel are very nice. The hotel itself is a little old school, but clean and quiet. The location is great for getting downtown and to the museums on the metro rail. The price is reasonable compared to other Houston hotels. 
2620 This was a treat! We come up every year and this is the first hotel where we want to stay again. Also, great location. 
2621 We hadn't been to New York before, but we were really glad that our travel agent suggested this hotel. It was very comfortable and the staff were extremely helpful. Location is excellent with Times Square, Empire State Building and Macy's all within walking distance. 
2622 Great location in Midtown, walk to Rock plaza, times sq and many broadway shows. club level rooms a must, but grab a bite elsewhere... Increased hotel cost not even close to worth it! Look for prepaid rate options to receive discount. 
2623 this hotel is perfect in every way, i endorse everything that was written on the last review and hope to return one day 
2624 Perfetto per chi vuole visitare new york a qualsiasi ora, con qualsiasi mezzo, a due passi da times square..ottimo punto di partenza per qualsiasi attrazione per gli ottimi collegamenti! pulito, personale molto cordiale, una splendida piscina interna per rilassarsi (se si ha tempo)..se rinnovassero l'arredamento delle stanze sarebbe perfetto! 
2625 Fantastic hotel. Good size for NYC. Staff was wonderful and pleasant. I will definately stay again. Because it was a smaller hotel, the staff could be more attentive. The rooms were very pretty and their lounge was also very comfortable. 
2626 The Hotel is beautiful, the staff Mariana and Michelene were very nice and friendly. The rooftop was a lot of fun =) The pool too small but nice set up. The overall experience was excellent. 
2627 Stayed here with a girlfriend to celebrate my 50th birthday. Staff could not have been nicer. We were upgraded to a suite and the beds were so comfortable. Cabaret music on Wed & Saturdays - great! 
2628 The hotel is half block away from Times Square and within walking distance of so much. Room was small but clean and comfortable. Contenental breakfast just average. A big plus and not advertised unless you contact the hotel or its owner group reservation dept. is a 10% discount for seniors. 
2629 Holiday Inn is the perfect location for anyone visiting NY for the first time like we were,its also very clean and staff friendly. 
2630 Good - Perfect breakfast. We will use this Hotel again. Good location in Soho 
2631 Very competitive prices for New York at the edge of Central Park. Older hotel and rooms and staff is reminiscent of the fifities ! 
2632 For the price we paid per nite we would have here a 4 star hotel. The breakfast was poor and the room they held it was to small. 
2633 This place is amazing. "A must stay in the city." The service was great and the location is perfect. Cheers! 
2634 Sehr zentrale Lage, direkt auf der 5 th Avenue nur etwa 2 Blocks vom Empire State Building entfernt. Das Hotel ist sehr modern mit allem erdenklichen Annehmlichkeit ausgestattet. Das Personal ist super ausgebildet und bietet einen 5 Sterne Service. Unproblematisches schnelles Check in, ausgezeichneter Zimmerservice, hilfsbereite und Concierge. 
2635 L'albergo e' strateggicamente in un ottimo punto dato che e' vicino al central park. letti un po' troppo morbidi (1 piazza e mezza ) ottimo per 2 risicato per tre soprattuto se almeno una persona come me e' robusta :-D lo consiglio 
2636 This was my 1st visit and I would definatley stay there again 
2637 Fourth stay in this hotel. Perfect choice for a business trip or to stay with your family. Rooms are very good, the service is excellent. 
2638 Great value especially if you are driving, the parking in same location and inexpensive. Service very nice. Casual restaurant off of the lobby. Pleasant surprise! I will come back. 
2639 arrived early but given room immediately. nice decor, comfortable bed, great location (4 blocks from Grand Central Station), attractive restaurant. Superb staff - helpful, courteous!!! Defintely would stay here again! 
2640 Above average for this class of hotel in this part of the city. Quiet, clean but could use some updating (ie. mismatched bathroom faucets), but for the price, well worth it! Comfy bed and friendly staff. Will stay again. 
2641 stayed in the Lowes Regency for three nights -- great hotel, staff very friendly and helpful. Great position, not far from Central Park. Would highly recommend this hotel to any traveller 
2642 Rooms a bit tired and bathroom small. However overall excellent value - walking distance to Broadway, Times Square and City Tours. Hotel looked after lugguge after check-out - no charge. Good option for solo traveller and short stay. 
2643 Besides location was not all that impressed. Staff not super helpful, called 3 times for an extra towel. Rooms are cramped and pricey. But located right near all the action. 
2644 If you like a very basic hotel that has no life to it, then this is the hotel for you. The hotel is big with no charm, and very impersonal service. Too cold for my taste 
2645 The hotel and staff where fantastic, and its location slap bang in the middle of times square absolute awesome 
2646 The hotel was clean and newly restored. Nothing fancy, but nice and clean and very close to Michigan Avenue and all the stores and shopping. 
2647 Excellent value for NYC, great service. It is above underground line so recommend a room up high but given all other positives, especially value, still have to give it 5 stars. 
2648 The hotel offers a great location for people looking for central location inside the city via the subway. The staff are professional and the hotel rooms are very clean. We enjoyed the complimentary refreshments in the Regency club and will definitely book another stay. 
2649 I booked a room on line and when I arrived they were over booked and sent me to their other location 4 miles away. This put me on the other side of Manhattan. I have never has such an Awful experience. 
2650 Old style Chicago Hotel opposite the Drake, very handy for the expensive end of the magnificent mile. Rooms OK and staff friendly 
2651 No Facilities. There is no restaurant, only one bar downstairs which was closed for a private function one night during our stay. We were very disappointed as this hotel is very hyped in Ireland. Location is good though. 
2652 Subliem hotel op een schitterende ligging. Top ! Twee kleine opmerkingen. De airco in de gemeenschappelijke ruimtes staat veel te koud zodat je in het hotel moet voorzien zijn van een pull en jammer dat de schitterende bar op het terras reeds om negen uur sluit. 
2653 The hotel is located in the center of EVERYTHING! It is walking distance from some great restaurants, Broadway plays, and so much more. The subway system is just outside the entrance and the staff was extremely helpful with directions. Would recommend walking to the many attractions and enjoying the sites. 
2654 We spent three nights here with a seven year old. The location is great for shopping and tourist attractions. It is four or five blocks to the red line CTA stop. The hotel was clean and quiet and met our needs very well. 
2655 This hotel was spacious, clean,centrally located,and the staff was very friendly. The bathrooms were spacious and clean. The beds were very comfortable,and the fridge and microwave were a huge help when traveling with children! Free breakfast was great. I will book here again for sure. 
2656 Nice hotel and excellent location but in beginning of August with temps of 88 outside AC did not work. Came out as a fan. Called maintenance who said he could bring us a box fan to help blow air. Humid in room. Otherwise great staff and hotel. 
2657 We highly recommend Fashion 26 to anyone with a sense of Fashion. Right in the middle of everything! Short walk to our Bridal Expo! The staff was extremely accommodating and Beautiful~~ the atmosphere is energetic, yet relaxed. Can't wait to go back next Year! 
2658 It was one of the worst experiences ever. The room was dirty, noisy and dark. The staff was rude. It definitely does not worth the price, Too expensive for what we get. Will never ever come back to this pigsty. 
2659 Very nice while on business. The concierge gave amazing advices where to go in the city, and the bar have a very nice crowd. 
2660 I needed a cheap (but classy) place to stay while in Chicago. While some might be taken aback by the size of some rooms (like the ones reserved at a very low price) the quality of room is very high. I have a video on my review here-->http://youtu.be/5vGtEUet3fg 
2661 This is a nice budget hotel, the rooms are clean but small. The location is great! The breakfast is very filling and tastes good. 
2662 Everything was flawless about my hotel experience - from check-in to checkout. It was great. I would definitely stay again. 
2663 I stayed here for one day because I woke the next morning with bite marks. The bathroom had mold. 
2664 Un hotel que esta bastante bien , salvao las habitaciones que tienen demasiado ruido, por los paratos de aire acondicionado. 
2665 It is a fantastic location and a superb clean room. Very large. Staff are very friendly too. 
2666 the hotel was really good, right in the action of new york. the hotel was all ways clean and well prepared.i must commend our cleaner called (sonia). on the 10th floor. that comment is for hotel. i would recommend this hotel for a young person. 
2667 I have visited NYC over 30 times and this hotel tops my favourite list. Service was good, rooms are spacious, location is away from mad crowds and allows you time to think berfore you go back into the madness of the city. 
2668 It was our fifth trip to NYC in two years but first time at Novotel!!! Excellent view of Times Square. Staff was very friendly. Location was great for restaurants and subway. Would definitely stay at Novotel again!!! 
2669 The hotel was nice. I was fortunate to get upgraded to a junior suite or I probably wouldn't have been happy with the room size. Bar drinks run 20-22 dollars each. Room service food was "fair". Breakfast for 1 was $50. 
2670 great hotel, great reception area, friendly staff and great service. rooms were quite large, we had two double beds plus big bathroom. great facilities, ipod docking station, tv internet etc only problem is amazing hotel in city with lots to do so you dont spend much time enjoying it! 
2671 Stayed over a weekend in August 2004. Rooms small but clean. Pleasant service. Great deli/bagel shop downstairs-good food, good prices. The FREE secured in and out parking is one of the best features of this hotel. Walking distance to subway too. Will stay again. 
2672 This was my best NY stay, the hotel is very confortable, afordable and nearby everything. I stayed in a room with window but there was almost no noise during the night. Very good if you want to enjoy the city. 
2673 We stayed here for 4 nights. Got checked in very quickly, pleasant staff. The room was spotless and very modern with plasma TV, nice bathroom, tea/coffee making facilities. It was our second visit to NYC and would definitely stay here again as it was in an excellent location. 
2674 The Iroquois is very well located and quite charming. The room we stayed in was not large, but it was clean with all needed amenities. The bellman who took us to our room spent time with us giving restaurant recommendations and other tips to make our stay enjoyable. 
2675 Very nice hotel. I've stayed in many Courtyard's but this one is definitely a step above. Rooms and hotel are completely updated with modern colors and decor. Beds are very comfortable. Convenient to freeway, Rice Village and medical center. 
2676 The hotel offered extreme comfort and amazing service from beautiful people. 
2677 The room was small but ok. NIce location. Quiet. Close to many spot of interes 
2678 This place is beautiful, nice & modern. The intricate details and design complimented our taste.The staff was extremely friendly and they provided us with excellent service. We will definitely go back to this hotel as often as possible. It helped make our stay in NY memorable! 
2679 Our Favorite NYC Hotel It is exceptionally well located within easy walking distance of Broadway, Madison And Fifth Ave shopping, and great restaurants. The front office staff is extremely accommodating, warm and friendly as always. However, this time we noticed the same attitude with every one else in the hotel. 
2680 my family and I had a great time , rooms are a good size cleaned every day ,the staff was very helpful great location for shopping on5 ave and central park is around the corner it in the middle of every thing hope to go back soon. 
2681 Het hotel heeft zeer ruime kamers, welke van alle gemakken zijn voorzien. De inrichting is gedateerd maar schoon en netjes. Weinig tot geen overlast van straatgeluid. Hotelrestaurant / bar op de bovenste verdieping biedt een prachtig uitzicht. Personeel is vriendelijk en behulpzaam. 
2682 Il est connu que new york soit cher. Cet hotel est une bonne alternative dans un cadre sympa, moderne et bonne atmosphere. Wifi offert et restauration abordable. Je recommande pour un court sejour et budget modere. 
2683 Peeling paint, water damage, window would'nt close all the way with houling winds outside, one elevator for all to use, loud knocking noise all night from elevator shaft 1 room over.Location was great off of Michigan Av by water tower place. 
2684 great hotel in chinatown, around the corner is little italy.. its fabulous there.. broadway is near about a 5 min walk.. the subways are near. 
2685 Located within walking distance of many NYC attractions, some of the best NY neighborhoods and close to a subway stop. Many rooms have views of the Hudson river and got a great deal at around $120 a night. Would stay again. 
2686 stayed for five night great hotel nice staff would go back here....................................................................................... 
2687 We stayed at The Pierre for our son's wedding, and everything was perfect! Our room was upgraded to a gorgeous, spacious suite, the location on Central Park was perfect and the staff was incredibly attentive. I highly recommend The Pierre for anyone looking for a five star experience in Manhattan. 
2688 Historical hotel needs major refurbishement. Even if the Towers are far better than the Waldorf itslef, they really need a full refurbishement. Painting is needed in the bathroom, there are steains on the walls. Service is good and friendly. Amenities are good quality 
2689 each time I go out to relax! Motel 6 it's relaxing to be there. If u could stop bye and see for your self!!!!! 
2690 run down, needs money spent on it BUT it's turning over good money so why bother.WE will not book again great location but not again. 
2691 You are close to Broadway, Central Park, MOMA, St Patricks, SAKSm Radio City, tons of restaurants, Times Square and Rockefeller Center. The staff is great. The included cocktail hour and breakfast are helpful. Rooms are spacious for NYC. What's not to like? 
2692 A good place for business travel. Fast internet and a comfortable desk is all you need. Over all, this is a good place that I would recommend to my friends and will definitely stay in the same place for my next business trip! 
2693 This hotel is just perfect for eploring Chicago - it is very close to Sears Tower within the Loop. The rooms are clean and silent. Everything just OK. The only thing which was worse was the bathroom door, which do not make it a sound-proof place. 
2694 The Muse has the best and friendliest staff in the city. I stay at the muse almost every week and they have become a second family. I couldn't image doing NY without the Muse! 
2695 Went to the Frozen Apple at MSG. Perfect location, a block from MSG/Penn Station. Clean Room and good breakfast. Staff was friendly. The price was super reasonable. And - the window actually opened! Not one complaint. Rooms could use small fridge and microwave. 
2696 Stayed there for 5 nights. The only good thing was the location and the clock at reception. Everyone that works there are rude people, no sense of client-service. From the doorman to the waiter. The floor (17 floor) smelled like an asstray... Worst hotel ever. 
2697 This hotel has a fantastic location! Right on 42nd Street, It is only four blocks away from Times Square, and only two blocks from the subway. Service was friendly, and the hotel has a beautiful rooftop pool. Definitely will stay here again when visiting New York! 
2698 I stayed in Room 1133 Oct 21 &22. I have two rashes which I thought were mosquito bites. I think they may be bed bugs! My stay was not pleasant, old room, poor service. I would not stay there any more or recommend this hotel to anyone. 
2699 This was our second time at this hotel....we went back at the urging of the staff after our first expereince was less than great. They were very good to us, accomodating and generous. 
2700 Not comfortable recommending it. Good news- no bed bugs and staff always courteous and smiling. 
2701 The hotel was reasonable, compared to others in NYC. The room was clean, the bed comfortable, with lots of hot water. The best is the location, close to Grand Central to uptown, and to subways. Plenty of restaurants in the area and a good lounge. 
2702 Hotel molto carino!luci soffuse,stile moderno,molto lounge...camera un po' piccola ma bagno davvero super:nel complesso bello, curato e pulito! Ottima la posizione: a due passi da Times square e dalla fermata della metro. 
2703 The neighborhood isn't pretty but it's safe. Loved that they had queen size beds and free wifi and breakfast! Room was big enough , staff was friendly and the hotel was very convenient to subway. Would recommend 
2704 great location.especially for theater. comfortable rooms. great beds. very good staff 
2705 This Marriott exceeds all expectations of a Marriott. Clean, wonderful, friendly staff who are efficient and truly meet the needs of the customers. Concierge level was perfect, rooms were perfect, food was excellent. Good location near Galleria. 
2706 Everything about this hotel was wonderful...I can't add anything else...it's central to many attractions, within walking distance of Bryant Park, Public Library, shopping, etc. 1/2 block from Times Square and theaters...restaurant attached to hotel is very good. 
2707 This hotel isn't the worst. I don't know why it gets such a bad rap! You get what you pay for..I didn't mind it at all. Although, I wouldn't stay longer then three nights. If your looking for a 'stop off' while sight seeing around it's perfect. 
2708 Modern, updated and very clean. Will definately stay here again. We were upgraded upon arrival for,no apparent reason to a very large(especially for NYC) room. Nice, quiet area. There was a parking lot a few doors down for $25/24 hours. 
2709 Fiquei 4 dias nesse Hotel, e gostei muito, bem pertinho da TimeSquare, tudo muito novo. 
2710 This hotel is excellent, in my estimation. The rooms were reasonably priced, clean and spacious. The staff was very friendly and courteous. The view from the room was quite stunning. I most certainly will return to this property in the future. 
2711 goede prijs-kwaliteit verhouding uitstekende ligging nette wijk ideaal ontbijtrestaurant aan de overkant vriendelijk personeel 
2712 This hotel was ideally located in Manhattan. It is quite close to Central Park and Bloomingdales. The rooms are very big and the staff incredibly friendly and helpful. 
2713 Very good for its price. Clean and conveniently located. 
2714 Great service, tiny rooms but very modern and clean. Is located half a block of Times Square so it is very easy to walk right in to any NY's attraction. 
2715 This was my second stay in the Icon and it remains an excellent hotel. The staff service is very good and the facilities and location are excellent. The breakfast is great and they have a very good shower. 
2716 Good stay, fair rate and very good localization, closer to Port Authority Subway station. @ blocks from Times Square. Good for tourist who spent all day out. 
2717 Got this place on Priceline and was disappointed at first but once we got there, wow....what a beautiful hotel. From the lobby to the old classic rooms and a terrific location. Would totally stay here again. 
2718 Worst rooms i've ever seen - smelly, dirty, tub chipped and cracked. I did not want to touch anything. Hotel is extremely understaffed and the staff it does have is rude and unhelpful. We relocated to a Sheraton. 
2719 Great hotel, modern and clean with friendly, helpful staff. Very comfortable beds, one of the best I've stayed in. Lots of shops around this area, you can use the subway nearby to get around as it's quite far from some of the touristy stuff. 
2720 Overall, this was a good and nice stay for a short trip. There was no complimentary breakfast, but there were plenty of options in the area. 
2721 I have stayed at the Milford Plaza for trips to NYC for over 20 years. The hotel has recently gone thru a facelift and is really a nice hotel by NYC standards. The best part of the Milford is the locations... Tiny rooms, dark hallways but location, location, location!! 
2722 Just one block off of Time Square, this hotel is a bit overpriced for it's value and amenities. The hotel tries to come off as fashionable and hip, but when you take a closer look it's old and outdated. The guest services and staff were unsatisfactory as well. 
2723 get there for breakfast service 1/2 hour prior to service....eggs no so great.... but very friendly staff, very clean, and good value for the cost. will stay there again anytime. easy access to local business and food and highway. 
2724 I stayed in 3 different hotels in NY and liked this one the best. Hotel staff is friendly and polite. Enjoyed staying there. Breakfast was included. 
2725 Overall good location and brand new look to rooms and property makes it confortable place to do business living And good AND friendly staff .rooms and property looks alot nice after renovation .Staff nice and supportive during construction made hassel easier 
2726 the room was very small but didn't spend much time there other than sleeping. Very quite and clean. Friendly staff. WONDERFUL location!! 
2727 Stayed here for 5 nights! Great little hotel! Rooms are small but perfect if you are just planning on sleeping in it! Air Con is a bit ropey as centrally controlled, so spent all week with window open as room was like an oven! 
2728 This is a good base to explore manhatten. On a side street between 5th and 6th avenues is is quiet but central enough that you can walk everywhere in midtown. The rooms were small but functional and the staff were helpful. 
2729 The rooms were smelling bad. Bed sheets had holes and bathroom shower was not working. Worst motel. 
2730 Our room was very small, for a hotel with the name Hilton, we expected a little more. Bathrooms need to be updated, fixtures were very worn. The hotel was nice, but not worth the money we paid. 
2731 We found this hotel basic kind but with good location. It had basic breakfast. We booked this hotel as we wanted to stay very near to Time Square and Shopping Area. We can recommend this hotel to person having same choice. 
2732 Location perfetta.Gentilezza e professionalita' del personale.E' uno dei pochi con colazione la mattina inclusa..ottima..piccoli snack caffe' e the' tutto il giorno.Connessione Wi-Fy perfetta e free,a disposizione anche due compiuter all'ingresso.Unica nota..prenotare camere lontane dalla macchina del ghiaccio nel corridoio e converter aria calda un po' rumoroso....tutto il rtesto OK!! 
2733 The rooms are small but you are in the middle of everything. Clean and safe. Friendly 
2734 The employees were very accommodating and friendly 
2735 Een uitstekend hotel om een 100 meter van Times Square. Goede service en goede kamers. Wel klein (wij hadden een kamer van +/- 3*3m en daarbij een badkamer en een kast). Klein maar fijn zullen we maar zeggen. Niet goedkoop.... 
2736 Stayed only one night for theater and dinner. We will return. Excellent location right off Times Square. Parking next door validated by hotel. Staff is friendly and continental breakfast was more than adequate. Didn't do the wine in the evening but folks looked like they were enjoying themselves. 
2737 Loved it...W Hotel never disappoints. EVER! Stayed at the W City Center the previous weekend and equally wonderful! THANK YOU! 
2738 Lake view is wonderful. The room was large but dated. The hotel is beng remodeled so should be much nicer soon. 
2739 It was in a great location, only a 10-15 minute walk to Times Square! It was a pretty small room, but had everything you need. The air conditioner was fairly noisy though. A good hotel if you're on a budget but want to be close to Times Square! 
2740 We appreciate the kind and courteous service always shown by the bell desk staff, particularly Bogdan, who personally greets us each time we visit. 
2741 I stayed here with my girlfriend for about a week earlie september. The room was a bit tired, but clean and cosy. The staff were real nice and helpful at all hours, and you can't beat the location at this price and standard. 
2742 Nice to have a room you can actually move around in, and the view was great. Elevators fast. Service friendly and efficient. We appreciate proximity to subway, etc. We had an exceptional weekend in NYC and this hotel was a positive part of that experience. 
2743 This hotel by far is the cleanest hotel I have ever stayed in. The Staf was great, the service was expectional and it's only a mile away from the airport which is convenient. i highly recomend it because by far is the cleanest hotel i have ever stayed. 
2744 Great location. Staff was very friendly. The rooms are small but very clean! The food was ok.. 
2745 A nice hotel, not too big, near China town. Breakfast included. Good service. Clean room and nice view (from room 904). A small gem in the Big Apple. When I return, I will stay in the same hotel again. 
2746 Very comfortable, functional rooms. Perfect for business, but nice for just relaxing. Great health club with a decent pool. Good food -- although the room service menu could be updated more often. Wonderful staff -- attentive, friendly, and competent. They really seem to enjoy their jobs. 
2747 ecco i pregi di quest'albergo: posizione ottima, camera pulita, letto immenso e confortevole, Kitchenette in camera molto comoda !! consigliatissimo 
2748 Had a terrific stay here and would definitely stay here again. Great location to see all of the shows. Able to walk to just about everything. Very comfortable bed and clean rooms! 
2749 I visit NYC plenty of times and Iove it there!! I will recommend anyone to visit NYC if already haven't. Everytime I go I hate to leave. 
2750 Beautiful room, very clean, complimentary snacks, wines and cheese at lobby, less than a minute walk from Canal subway station with perfect link to center and very close to Holland tunnel for those traveling to and from Newark airport. 
2751 This hotel seemed to be close to so many great places. Clean , quiet , and a nice modern room. 
2752 Hotel was located right off the Freeway, the rooms are beautiful and spacious, and the staff are friendly. Defiantly will stay here again. 
2753 I frequently travel to Houston for work. The location is perfect for those who do business in the medical center area. The staff is terrific and friendly. One staff member in particular, Nikola, always goes above and beyond to ensure a pleasant stay. 
2754 I cannot speak higher of The Carlton. It was just what I needed after what has been a very painful period in my life. I was comfortable and surrounded by beauty and elegance. It is now my favorite hotel anywhere. Thanks so much for a meaningful and needful experience. 
2755 Comfy bed and great location made a four night stay enjoyable. Was lucky to be on the 33rd floor so very quiet. Nice breakfast not included but worth the price. 
2756 A great little hotel with great friendly staff make this the best place to stay in Midtown 
2757 Just got from NYC and stayed at the Michelangelo and me and my daughter loved it. Great room, clean, decor is lovely bathroom was wonderful. Croissants and coffee in the morning is complimentary and was a great way to start the day. Staff was friendly. Would stay here again!!! 
2758 Het hotel is het weinige geld wat je betaald waard. Het is oud, ziet er niet fancy uit, maar het is schoon en de bedden zijn goed. Om de hoek bij timesquare. Wil je lowbudget en centraal en geef je niet om luxe, dan is dit een aanrader. 
2759 Stayed here on business. My room had just been updated and the smells from the carpet and fabrics gave me the worst sinus headache. Everything in the room looked cheap. The hotel breakfast in The Grille was good. BIG SHOCK: $49 PER NIGHT TO PARK THE RENTAL CAR!!!!!!!!! 
2760 So i'm spoilt with hotels in other areas on the globe, but was a bit upset that there was only paid tv when i had time to kill and not in the mood for going out! The rest was ok. The location made up for the rest 
2761 Below average hotel, indifferent staff. Only the location is good, but there are lots of other hotels nearby. 
2762 Very pleasantly surprised with this hotel! Good size room, clean. Had our room ready at 12 noon when we arrived in NYC!! Rick at the concierge desk was helpful with dinner res. 
2763 Only complaint is clunky internet access. And that may have been a transient condition. Otherwise, this is one of the more nicely appointed hotels I have ever used. 
2764 Das Hotel liegt total zentral und alle sind sehr freundlich. Nicht nur die gute Lage punktet sondern auch der Service des Hauses. Alle Angestellten waren sehr nett und hilfsbereit. Die Zimmer waren immer sauber und Nachts war es nie laut. Ich kann es nur weiter empfehlen! 
2765 Very good place to stay on a budget no problems what so ever staff very nice no problems with booking or room you get to know people from different countries nice lounge to hang out and meet people 
2766 Definitly coming back soon 
2767 EXCELLENT HOTEL , Excellent location , LOVE Tick tocks dinner , brilliant ! we will be back soon All i will say is take the price down so we can afford to stay longer the next time You buddies from IRELAND 
2768 This hotel was a really nice hotel. the cupcakes were great- and the coffee machines in the room were great. I love service that everyone was able to give. 
2769 This hotel is 1 block from Michigan Ave, close to sub station, bus stop, nice stores, pubs, restaurants , starbuck, supermarket and all within walking distance. Staff is very helpful and gentle. Bed very comfortable. 
2770 Good location, Underground across the street. Very good breakfast next to Hotel. Rooms are very poor. 
2771 Excellent hotel, great location. old and classy reception. The room we stayed in were a bit worn out, however the hotel made up with plenty of old charm. 
2772 Comfortable room, nice location and nothing to complain about. Considering Manhattan has such variety to pick from, this is a very good choice when you need a place to crash and not spending a ton of time in the hotel. 
2773 We stayed at The Drake since we won a bid on Priceline otherwise wouldn't have paid for it. Nice hotel and a very nice location especially if you want to walk down Michigan to eat/shop. Staff was friendly, it was clean and I would definetly stay there again. 
2774 Stayed with the family. Great corner room with floor to cieling windows. Great location just minutes from Times Square. No noise. Go to Hells Kitchen just blocks away for great food! But be prepared for a small room which all hotels in this area have. 
2775 The location of this hotel is fantastic. It's just a few meters from Grand Central Terminal. Price is not so good, but this is NYC ! The room is small, but well decorated and clean; comfortable beds/pillows. Hotel charges for wireless Internet access in the room. 
2776 I went through trip advisor and got a beautiful queen sized room for $270 for a saturday night! The room was quite spacious for NYC standards and though my view was nothing to talk about, the lobby was beautiful and the room classy. Would definitely recommend. 
2777 The room was extremely comfortable! It had its own small kitchen, extremely comfortable! The location was great, close to shopping @ 34th street and Broadway, close to the subway. The personnel was extremely helpful 
2778 Love the hotel, fantastic service, very very pleased. 
2779 We stayed for one night as a result of Groupon. There was no hot water in the bath room, paint peeling over the bath tub, two of the three phones in the room did not work. Very disapointed for a boutique hotel in downtown Chicago 
2780 This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Antiquated rooms, poor service, expensive Internet with wireless only available in lobby. No plug ins for electronics, felt like a firetrap. I have read that there are plans to demolish it, needs to happen! Would never stay there again. 
2781 My teenagers actually said that this hotel has spoiled them for other hotels. Not a bad review from cynical teenagers. The hotel was up scale in the middle of Times Square and as purchased through the Name-Your-Price feature at Priceline...was a very good value. The room was comfortable and quiet. 
2782 The Yotel is a great place to stay, it's new, hip, chic, modern, and very comfortable and well thought out. Loved the reclining queen bed! 
2783 Great experience and great hospitality. Neat and Clean rooms. Lifetime experience. Mr. Singh at reception was very helpful. Great for couples. Peaceful and calm. Have bubble bath together and enjoy your trip. 
2784 The W Times square is a great hotel. Rooms are comfortable, clean and nice. Service is great. Very much a hipster vibe, so if you don't like electronic music in the elevator you would be better off somewhere else. 
2785 It was the worst hotel I've ever been. Noisy, smelly, dirty, small. And I even could choose the best of three rooms, and still it was terrible. 
2786 The staff at this hotel make you feel welcome and appreciated. The rates were the best we have ever found for a good hotel in the city. It is near the subway station and in the flower district, so you have a pleasant surprise outside the main doors. 
2787 An institution in NYC. A fine hotel with excellent service. Concierge desk were so helpful. 
2788 Good if your going to sleep!! The rooms are SO dark - rubbish for anyone who is there for business and rubbish for getting dressed!!! Nice rooftop area for breakfast Nice restaurant in the hotel and Nice bar Cute overall... 
2789 Absolute luxury. The most comfortable bed I've ever slept in, a fantastic view facing NJ, a prime Times Square location (with no traffic noise) and outstanding service from the staff. Cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. 
2790 Beautiful hotel with great service. I especially loved the view from the tower room we had. I'd say again! 
2791 c'est la 2 eme fois que je sejourne au pennsylvania hotel ... assez vieux , c'est une veritable usine tant il est immense mais sa situation geographique et son prix en font un EXCELLENT choix ! a recommander ++++ 
2792 This hotel offered the best hospitality I have ever encountered as a business traveler. The attention to the "small stuff" (i.e.-Executive Level floor; room not facing the highway) really made an impression. The 2 room suite was very spacious for the money. Will definitely stay again on my next trip. 
2793 Very very good!!! Good service, rooms, view, vicinity with important places of New York City 
2794 This hotel was very nice. I liked the theme and the room was ok although for the price very small. I expected alot more for what I payed for this hotel. 
2795 We got the metro ticket for 29 Dollars and used it every day to get around. However, we were happy to walk to very nice restaurants and were always impressed by the lovely tea and coffee facilities when we came back from anywhere. The coffee was great! 
2796 Absolutely the BEST: Rates, Customer Service, Location, and Comfort. Food was great! The staff thre is the Best all-round ever, from the Housekeper to Management. I felt like a Queen!!! You can't go wrong staying here, I certainly would rebook in the future!!! 
2797 Hotel bar roof top is not for the guests since it is leased out and there is no control over the patrons and the noise 
2798 The best hotel if been in NYC. Clean, modern, great service, excelent location! 
2799 Second time we stayed there. Wonderful experience. Great exercise room. Quiet convenient location. Be sure to join there members club for extra perks! 
2800 It is in a good location. Close to many things but not on top of the noise areas. Staff was friendly. Rooms were not real big but ok for our needs. 
2801 Great area, suites are a nice size for NYC. Great for kids. 
2802 We got a non view (of the park) room for 200 a night so the value was good I just hated the smell of horse manure when you walk outside. 
2803 Just got back and really enjoyed this hotel. The rooms are exceptionally large and the bed was extremely comfortable. Staff very helpful. They are very flexible with late check out. Looking forward to going back. 
2804 The hotel is nice. Good location and decent amenities. They charge $10 A DAY for wi-fi access which I think is preposterous. And, the on floor vending was sold out the entire length of my stay. 
2805 Nice place, moderately priced. Clean rooms and good service. Limited facities in public areas of the hotel but plenty close by. Walking distance to central Manhattan or underground is close by. 
2806 the hotel was clean, staff was very helpful and curteous, close to subway and one block from Central Park. All in all, money well spent, I would return next time. Reviews stated that this hotel is noisy, so I had my earplugs in every night. 
2807 The hotel staff was very helpful and the overall experience we had the hotel was great. The housekeeping staff was also wonderful and left us more towels as we requested. Very clean and it was everything that we expected. 
2808 When visiting ExxonMobil Development Company the Hilton North at Greenspoint is perfect. Well appointed; good food at a reasonable price and within easy walking distance from EMDC office access. 
2809 I stayed there one night recently. Was very pleased with the cleanliness of the establishment and the service. I was with a group, so the rate was also very good. I couldn't catch the wifi in my room, though. However in the lobby the wifi was available for a fee. 
2810 My wife and i had the most wonderful experience at this hotel.The rooms were clean the staff was friendly and accommodating. It made our stay just that more enjoyable. We highly recommend this hotel. 
2811 This place is fantastic....The people were so pleasent with any needs. The room was clean, and the comfort was amazing ! I will definitely sacrafice my Hilton points just to stay in this place from now on.....you have earned my business ! 
2812 I was pleased with hotel quality. This place is rather expensive but if you look around online for a deal it could be manageable. Expect to pay for everything. Nothing is complementary except for Starbucks coffee, tea, coffee maker and premium Showtime channel on TV. 
2813 esterno dell'hotel coperto di impalcature e ingresso bruttino ma stanze grandi e abbastanza belle. corridoi con moquet da sostituire e ascenzore difficile da usare ma in generale meglio di quello che mi aspettavo. 
2814 We stayed 5 nights in New-York at the Rockefeller center hotel. Very good location in the middle of Manhattant, 10mn walk to Central Park , 5mn to the MOMA or Time square. The room was large enough and clean. We didn't see any cockroach ! 
2815 Albergo pulito ma le camere con i letti kung size molto piccole. il personale alla reception molto attento e gentile 
2816 Non molto vicino dal centro nevralgico di Manhattan si trova a Park Av sulla 29 ma tutto sommato un buon punto d'appoggio 
2817 This is a great restaraunt. Breakfast was fantastic. Great menu and very fresh options. The chef does a great job. More importantly was the fantastic attitude of the staff. Friendly. Attentive. 
2818 This hotel is a great option in New York City for families. The suites are spacious and the views are spectacular. We will definitely return to this hotel. 
2819 Very well located not far from Carnegie Hall and trump Tour.Comfortable suite with +/- 60m2. Two things to be imporved: Breakfast variety and shower hot water. But overall is a very, very, good choice. I will stay next time we will be in NY. 
2820 Average hotel expensive tough for what it worth. No Free WIFI!!! 
2821 There were problems with the plumbing and my room had no water for many hours. I've stayed there before and this is unusual. The place is fine for a few days but not comfortable for a long stay. Clean and excellent proces 
2822 Outstanding staff. Breakfast was included. It was good, plenty of variety,pop included. Easy walk to/from shopping and theater district. 
2823 Uitstekend hotel. Alles binnen handbereik, in de lobby is alles voorhanden: een kleine winkel, koffieshop, infodesk etc. Er is een zelfs een fitness-ruimte voor de gasten die van alle gemakken is voorzien. Een aanrader; bij een volgend bezoek aan NY kiezen we 100% zeker weer voor dit hotel. 
2824 Please, just stay away from this Hotel, its like a HORROR movie in reallife, its so bad that its just not for real Barack Obama, please shut it down! ;) We went for a new Hotel, The Pod, excellent, small rooms but great value for money 
2825 This hotel was very clean and the staff was very friendly and professional. Breakfast at Rare was very good. 
2826 The W Lakeshore is a busy place, but the staff was very friendly and helpful to each and every guest. The rooms and furnishings were beautiful. All around a great weekend. (And we loved our view of Lake Michigan!) 
2827 I stayed at the Mondrian for 3 nights in January. I was offered a complimentary upgrade to a suite - the room was just fabulous (spacious, clean, everything I needed). The service was impeccable and you can't beat the location. A wonderful stay and look forward to coming back. 
2828 I strongly recommend NOT staying at this hotel. There are plenty of other hotels in the area that actually care about their customers. 
2829 I booked this hotel for an overnight stay in Houston. It had a shuttle, very good restaurant, clean room with all the amenities and super comfortable bedding. 
2830 Excellent hotel. Prime location with everything close at hand. Far enough away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square (1.5 blocks) to not be inconvenienced by the noise etc. Service and facilities would be extremely hard to beat. Would definitely recommend the hotel and will stay there again. 
2831 Great modern hotel. Cool atmosphere. Easy access to Soho and Tribeca by foot. Rooms: confortable, neat, spacious. Concierge and young crew: efficient and helpful. Great location, right in front of subway and Starbucks. 
2832 Me and my couple spent 4 nights and the experience was good, I recommend to visit the roof terrace but bring your own beverages 
2833 found the hotel too big. here for a conference and it was tough to find the meeting rooms. Decent rooms for an old hotel. staff was not helpful as to the general area. 
2834 My husband and I stayed here for the first time last weekend. Surprised! Room great size, comfortable and quiet. Enjoyed theater, price reasonable. A find! Enjoy the gansevoort, surrey uptown so we would definitely stay here again! 
2835 Fairly new hotel, all the amenities. A bit noisy on the freeway, but very convenient and the staff is first class. 
2836 Lavish hotel in a great location, walking distance to fabulous restaurants and theater. I bookede it through their website and received an additional 10 percent off. Very affordable for a special night out. Highly recommend! 
2837 Don't stay on the side facing the fire station & police station.... two of the worst things to have outside of ones window in NY. But, it is a very safe area! The lobby is nice, but the room felt dirty. YUCK! 
2838 Front Desk staff (especially Robert) was very helpful. I can't wait to stay here again next time I'm in NYC 
2839 Stayed over a weekend in November. To confirm the information in previous reviews: The rooms are tiny. Bed was however confortable. Hotel lobby is noisy, crowded and service is unpleasant (doormen are the exception to this) Hotel room was very clean. (Positive note) Extremely expensive. Would not stay there again. 
2840 Love this place! Had two different hotels because this one was sold out and would 100% go back. Great service beautiful hotel and clean! 
2841 This is an outdated place. Old rooms that need refurbishing, not really very clean and staff is helpfull but not friendly except Carl at bookings (musicals,theatre,restaurants,clubs,...) who's a gem. Location is good and price reasonable for NY. 
2842 We loved the room, the location and the staff. However the bathroom needed a good scrub down. There were urine stains on the toilet. The counter needed cleaning as well. I was only there for 1 night otherwise I would have purchased some Clorox wipes and cleaned it myself. 
2843 Great location and service. Always a cab out front when you need it. Very friendly staff. 
2844 I had traveled all day on business. I arrived to learn that my room was not ready. The front desk manager, Ellen, and Nilsa, spent 15 minutes getting me a great room. The team is always going out their way to provide great service 
2845 Room was nice, large but extremely noisy. Great location 
2846 This hotel always has great service. Good breakfast buffet, close to shows and of course great resturants. I love that the lobby is off the street level. 
2847 Good for those who want to be near the theaters and the time sq. The rooms are perfect furnished with modern style. 
2848 Nice staff. OK location- but right on 5th Avenue means lots of traffic noise. Only one significant gripe: Small, small, small.... How small? Don't plan on wearing a bulky coat- you won't fit in the room. 
2849 The lobby is kind of run-down. The rooms are nicer, but the traffic noise from the expressway is unbearable. 
2850 I have about 15 photos of how gross the room I stayed in really is. I don't know how the Hyatt name is associated with this place. The only reason I am staying here is for proximity to McCormick place. Never would I choose this place on my own dime. 
2851 Excellent value. Central, but quiet, location. Comfortable, upscale room. Great bed. Super in-room coffee. Thoughtful amenities, such as high-end toiletries, real wine glasses, a corkscrew, free in-room Internet. Nice French bistro-type restaurant affiliated with hotel located right next door. Parking garage adjacent. Nothing negative to say about this lovely hotel. 
2852 This hotel was on the subway ride from JFK. Easy three block walk from Columbus circle stop. Quiet rooms even overlooking the street. Short walk to Times Square. 
2853 Accompanied my daughter on her birthday trip to NYC. Apart from smaller rooms than we are used to, everything about this stay was outstanding: cleanliness, courteous staff, atmosphere, and maybe most importantly: location; we just took off walking to everything! Thanks Teddy. 
2854 Really, this is a terrific hotel in a city full of not great hotels..... Stay here, you truly wont regret it, Go On treat yourself 
2855 If you dont wish to stay in downtown Chicago, and Lakeview is your favorite part of town, you cant go wrong with this place... very clean, comfy, little breakfast and great location.. so dont be discouraged by the best western sign, its way better ! 
2856 paul martinez is a fantastic manager..he makes you feel welcome and goes out of his way to make sure your stay is perfect. I am raving because in new york to have such great service at a moderate priced hotel is rare! 
2857 Travelled with a group in christmass so i cant be sure about the exact price, but sleeping quality was perfect(the bed is huge and the pillows plenty) quite spacious for a new york's hotel standard room and the location was very central. 
2858 Super place. I felt safe, the location was great, the rooms were clean and nice. The staff was exceptional !! The best $ rate I could find. My first trip to New York and the people at the hotel helped make it a wonderful experience. 
2859 It was in the perfect location to catch the subway/bus to take you anywhere! There were many places to eat right out the front door. The room had all that we needed for what we were there for! 
2860 Good staff except for housekeeping which was very hit and miss. Got a great deal. Doors very noisy closing in corridor but very little noise from street. Hated charge for toll free and local calls and pressure-sensitive mini bar. Decor not al that stylish especially copared with other Sofitels. 
2861 Clean, Quaint, Convenient! The hotel staff went above and beyond to accomodate us for our wedding weekend! 
2862 Great location, easy walk from Penn Station, to Lexington for restaurants and to Times Square. Room spacious, bed comfortable and everything was clean. Breakfast area small and hot, but just take it back to your room and enjoy it there! 
2863 An okay hotel, room clean, bed comfy,pricing was high. Lobby decor was strange, parking fencing indicated we were in a high crime area, Has a good subtle service to nearby for 5 miles, The name Crown Plaza implies more up scale quarters. Breakfast was so s. 
2864 I can't praise this hotel highly enough for their beautiful rooms and excellent service. It's a very unique experience. And the location is perfect. 
2865 Great hotel for walking around Midtown and close to Times Sq. By Empire State Building. Close to subway. The area is know as Korean and so are many of the restaurants in the area. Great for noodles and sushi! Complimentary coffe Helpfull staff 
2866 I stayed there for three nights in February. It was ok for the price and the location, but don't expect anything above and beyond the basics. Internet access is expensive, not free and breakfast prices outrageous. The room was good sized, clean and comfortable. 
2867 The Gem Ascend Collection has an excellent location in Chelsea. We caught the subway at the next block to go both uptown and downtown. Lots of nice restaurants nearby. The room was very clean and well maintained. It's New York so expect a small room size. 
2868 Great location, couldn't have been better right opposite Maddison Square, round the corner from Macey's. Hotel very busy, so must be popular. Maid service every day. Bathroom taps a bit antequated, but that doesn't matter. Huge comfortable bed. Would stay there again 
2869 Value for money for a two star. 
2870 You cannot hope to have such a spacious suite at this price elsewhere in mid-town Manhattan, a few short blocks from the Grand Central Terminal. The property is dated but well maintained, with good-size kitchen and spacious living/dining room, and is perfectly comfortable for a weekend or an extended stay. 
2871 Een super trendy hotel midden in het hart van Time Square! Geen goedkoop hotel, maar door de ligging zeker aan te raden. Volgende keer gaan we zeker weer naar dit hotel. Goede service en mooie kamers. 
2872 I went to NYC for a couple of days to check out the sites. Stayed at the Milford and received a very nice room on the 7th floor. The hotel and staff were great and took good care of us. 
2873 Terrible Hotel. Worst Rooms and Staff. Nothing was working propetly. Internet was rare and Phone would go down any time. Hotel Staff is not cooperative at all. Breakfast sucked. They had breads that were expired days ago. Pathetic Rooms. Entire Hotel was dirty and Stincky. 
2874 We stayed at the Westin for our anniversary Sat night and had a clean, beautiful room with an incredible view of Oak St beach and the city! The hotel even had a nice little complimenatry gift tray for us with wine and other tasty goodies! 
2875 Terrible service. Dirty rooms. Totally ruined our NYC holiday. Customer services never replied and couldn't give a damn. 
2876 Very comfortable hotel with excellent amenities (bakeries, jazz clubs, subway, etc.) within a block or two. 
2877 Yotel is a unique hotel experience, very modern and clean. Just blocks from Times Square, Javits Center, and many Theaters. Staff (crew members) are all very freindly and willing to help with just about anything. 
2878 I emailed ahead requesting a room in a high floor and questioned if they could do something nice. They gave us a room on the top floor with a balcony and had a bottle of bubbly waiting on ice. A great hotel and a perfect stay. 
2879 It's a nice hotel. The location is good. I like the BLACK colour. 
2880 This Hotel is now under new management and has really done some nice cleaning up since my stay in 08. The staff is very nice and attentive. I also have to say the maintence man is wonderful. 
2881 I went with my family on a trip from montevideo, Uruguay to new York, we generally try to book luxury hotels and this was not the exception, everything was perfect so I highly recommend it for ant kind of visit 
2882 There's nothing to complain about here. The hotel was excellent and the location great, too. walking distance to some great places to eat and a short taxi ride to all the other things we wanted to see. I would stay here again with no hesitation 
2883 el hotel es excelente, la atencion es muy buena, lo estaban remodelando, pero no tuvimos ningun inconveniente, el restaurant tiene muy buen servicio y la ubicacion es ideal para poder disfrutar de manhatan, super recomendable 
2884 Es un hotel para ir a dormir. Correcto en limpieza, pero antiguo. Lo bueno que tiene es q sales por la puerta del hotel caminas 10 metros hacia la derecha y estas en Times Square. El personal es amable y el desayuno ( bajo carta ) esta muy bueno. 
2885 Vriendelijk personeel,propere kamers,heerlijk ontbijt. Dit hotel is perfect gelegen, net uit de drukte van de stad en toch overal dichtbij.Kortom perfect. 
2886 Limpio, centrico y suele tener buenas ofertas. Muy recomendable. 
2887 Hvis du ser etter et hotell som ligger gangavstand til det meste og som har komfor, kan dette hotellet anbefales. Rommene veldig moderne og har alt du trenger. Enkel resepsjon men hyggelig og hjelpsom betjening. 
2888 Die Lage des Hotels ist ausgezeichnet, da direkt zentral in Midtown gelegen und zB Broadway als auch Fith Avenue od. MoMA gut zu erreichen sind. Nur der Putz fiel im Zimmer von der Decke und Schimmel im Badezimmer ist auch nicht sonderlich appetitlich. 
2889 Great funky hotel. Small rooms, but everything you need. Great bar and shared space. 
2890 Excellent location, great service, clean rooms. I had been in lots of hotels around this area and the price that you pay for it woth for every penny. 
2891 Clean and comfortable hotel in a convenient location. 
2892 Would like to thank Domingo Martinez for his great service. There is nothing better than to start your day with a smile. 
2893 Het hotel ligt ongeveer 10 minuten lopen van de metro. De buurt is vrij rustig. Het hotel zelf is prima, de service is heel goed. De kamer is van redelijke grote en netjes onderhouden. Het enige slechte aan het hotel is het ontbijt. Verder geen opmerkingen. 
2894 location good, not to far from attractions, times square, broadway,disappointed no tea/coffee facility in bedrooms,also had to pay for wi-fi Work was in progress on the 5th floor during our stay 13/10/2012 asked for a room change givn a porky room 
2895 Reminded me of the hotel in the Blues brother movie! LOL 
2896 Newly renovated room. Room and bathroom were clean and beds were comfortable. A great value. Staff were very helpful and they had a businsess center. Breakfast was basic, cereal, muffins, bagles, bananas. Close to everything we wanted to do. Will be staying there again. 
2897 We were on a family journey for a week. The hotel it is in a great location. The rooms were very clean and new, but perhaps small. The stuff were always very helpful. Definitively a good value for money! 
2898 This hotel is truly a classic! Beautiful lobby and well located for touring Chicago. The rooms are nothing fancy - decent sizes with the exception of the bathrooms - nicely decorated but TINY. If you can get a deal on the price, well worth staying there. 
2899 Everyone was very nice. When we needed help with something they helped with a smile on their face. the rooms were very clean and made my stay here enjoyable. i cant wait to visit again and stay in the same hotel. 
2900 The rooms were large & clean. The breakfast was great & the staff was pleasant & helpful. Give them a try when you're in Houston. 
2901 I stayed at the Westin for a business meeting. The staff was excellent, the meeting room and sleeping rooms were comfortable. Although it was in the middle of Times Square it was not loud. 
2902 Really enjoyed our stay here. Location was brilliant, times square so close, Hells Kitchen resaurants at the end of the block. Room was new and not tiny. Breakfast was okay, quite crowded. Having a laundry available was fantastic, also no cost to use it. 
2903 This place has the worst service available in NY. The staff are unhelpful and rude, the elevators break down regularly (22 floors of stairs is a lot), room service delivery is measured in hours and the wifi is not only slow but overpriced. 
2904 I had good experience all times I was in Radisson Martinique, it has a good location, it's cozy and clean, good service at all. 
2905 Dinah at the front desk was extremely helpful and excellent people skills! We needed an adjustment to our bill and change of room, Dinah made things happen. It's nice to see people enjoying their jobs! Our stay was very comfortable and affordable, we will definitely go back! 
2906 The hotel is very clean, The staff are very helpfull. The locations is near the Times Square. I would like to stay again with my family. 
2907 Hotel is in fantastic location, 1/2 block from Times Square. Spotlessly clean. Decent breakfast included! Compared to other hotels close by, a real bargain 
2908 Sono stato al The Shoreham per una settimana a capodanno, ci siamo trovati benissimo... confort e pulizia ai massimi livelli! Molto Molto bello!!! ottimo anche per quanto riguarda il brunch e la colazione! Camere con tutti i confort quando torneremo a NY sicuramente alloggeremo al The Shoreham!!!! consigliatissimo!!! marco 
2909 Would definately stop here again.Really good location for Times Square area and Central Park.Rooms were not the biggest but beds were large and very comfortable and the soft blue lighting was nice.Very good Italian Resaurant attached to the hotel and nice bar on the top floor.Found the staff very helpful. 
2910 Not the best area and rooms a bit basic but was okay for a couple of nights. Hotel is in Manhattan and the area was a bit run down. Staff very friendly and rooms basic, large and clean. Only stayed two nights before flying to Bermuda. 
2911 thanks to luis torres - we had a wonderful time - we were a group of 6 - flight was cancelled due to snow-luis was very friendly -congratulations on such a good staff 
2912 Great nearly new hotel. Lovely well designed rooms. Good size for NY. Beds very comfortable. Concierge very helpful. You won't go too far wrong here. 
2913 i travel to nyc frequently and have always appreciated the TAO nightclub and restaurant properties. the Dream is no different, high end but fun! 
2914 Recently renovated hotel, very convenient location, modern rooms and most of all clean! 
2915 We are very happy with everithing, de staff, the room, the localisation, perfect. 
2916 This is simply a great hotel in a great location. The staff was excellent, knowledgeable about the neighborhood and helpful. The night staff was particularly curteous and professional. This will become my go-to hotel for all my Chicago travel. 
2917 I have stayed in hotels all over the world and this is by far the most original, most hip hotel I have seen. Every corner of the public area is captivating, like walking through a modern art museum. 
2918 Have spent both a couples and a mom/daughter weekend here. Pure indulgence. Expensive, but very special for a special occasion. The staff and concierge level attendees were fantastic. The level of service is exactly what you would expect from a Ritz. Five stars. 
2919 My family and i stayed here for 4 nights and it was a great experience because the room were really confortable and the location is great , just a few streets from the fifth ave. and Times Square is just around the corner. 
2920 Super dirty and doors looked like coffins (just creepy). Hard beds. Poor concierge recommendations and way too expensive for what you get. Location was good. Would never recommend this hotel to anyone nor stay there again! 
2921 Stayed here 4 nights over the Thanksgiving weekend and this was my 2nd stay at the hotel, the CPTS has great rooms, excellent location (walk out opposite M&M world) and helpful staff - could not ask for more and would highly recommend. 
2922 great location opposite central park, good basic accomodation, clean and tidy rooms very welcoming and helpfull staff,rooms are slightly date. but a quiet place to get your head down after a busy day in the city 
2923 It was a great hotel the staff where very helpful and friendly 
2924 Close to central park and great restaurants. The price of the hotel was great for a new york hotel. 
2925 Excellent friendly staff. Super clean. Busy lobby bar and seating area indicates popularity. We did not notice any extraneous noise but we were on the 16th floor. Tiny room but we expected that. Great location too. 
2926 This hotel is ideally placed to explore new york city! the staff are friendly and the rooms are more than comfortable with dvd players and flat screen tv's! safety deposit boxes are provided free of charge! would definately reccommend this hotel! 
2927 Friendly staff, great location near Times Square, decent rooms, and no bed bugs. 
2928 First night was not what I had specified for my reservation. I was put in a smoking room and couldn't change until the next day. Once in the non-smoking room I was able to sleep better. The staff was friendly and the location was ideal for our visit. 
2929 I stayed one night at this Fairfield Inn. The room was OK but the internet is only wired and it didn't work when I arrived. The breakfast was poor and the breakfast room was crowded. On the positive side the staff was very nice. 
2930 The hotel was excellent. It was my first stay in the city. The staff was very helpful. 
2931 Unique hotel for sure! Neat - new modern conveniences - some work, some do not. Zero privacy in the bathroom - not. The "Cabin" is clean, cool and neat but TINY! I have stayed in cruise ship rooms that were bigger! 
2932 We viisted this city for our silver wedding and stayed in this most beautiful hotel. we were suprised at the prices for having breakfast in the hotel,rather expensive but overall we were so pleased to be staying in such a stunning location. 
2933 We stayed in room with 2 queen beds,rooms clean,good beds.Very good location for Times Square,easy walk.Parking was free which is a big plus in that area. We found the staff efficient,the girl @ the tour info desk was very helpful(sorry forget your name) 
2934 Just returned from a long weekend at this hotel. I cannot fault it at all. Excellent location, helpful and friendly staff, clean & comfortable hotel ! Will difinetly be returning. 
2935 A gem in the hustle and bustle of Manhattan. A pleasant surprise, throughly enjoyable. Now I understand why it is sold out out all the time! 
2936 Got a awsome deal at Priceline.com only paid half the price. Very good location. Nice and clean rooms. 
2937 Very kindly and friendly personnel at the reception-- Ms. Zuli 
2938 Great location, clean rooms, incredibly accomodating staff, would recommend Fashion 26 to anyone travelling to New York City! 
2939 Absolutely, amazing hotel! Very chic and classy. Great amenities, food, and customer service! 
2940 This is an older hotel that could use an update. The carpet is very worn and the TV's are from the 80's. Not located in the greatest area of Houston, but gruck was still there the next morning. 
2941 Great location, just one block from Empire State. Great for those on a budget. Clean and large rooms, friendly staff. 
2942 staff could not have been friendlier and more helpful. Great value and location. Very clean hotel and very comfortable beds. If you are looking for a great location at a great price...look no further. Will return! 
2943 The Belvedere was exactly what we wanted for a theater trip Feb 21-23,'06-perfect location-wonderful front desk personnel-clean and nicely appointed rooms at a great price! Our 2nd visit and we would return. 
2944 Superbe incursion dans le luxe , avec un plus notable pour le jaccuzzi et la piscine 
2945 Accueil extra, au niveau de l'hotel 
2946 la situation sur la Highway 59 est pratique si l'on va vers le sud du texas 
2947 Amazing, amazing, amazing... super helpful staff, there was free shuttles available which would take you to all the top sightseeing, sights! The room was spacious, clean neat and the view we were given was wonderful. This hotel surprised us considering it is classified as a budget hotel. A must stay!!! 
2948 I would not stay at The Standard again. It is too noisy. The problem isn't external noise but inter-room noise (voices, tv, plumbing) and corridor noise. Not good if you would like to sleep. 
2949 best place to stay in nyc. Want to go back miss it sooooo much. 
2950 This hotel is located in an absolute fantastic location. Our room was outstanding with great charm. The reservation clerk was so helpful - we would definitely stay again if heading to downtown Chicago. Ate at Ditka's which was right behind the hotel. 
2951 This hotel is not up to Hilton Standards. The carpets were dingy, the bathroom had dirty tile and drains. We went on points and were put in a handicapped room with a view of broken windows. DO NOT STAY THERE. 
2952 The staff was exceptional. Jonathan at the Front Desk has fantastic customer service skills. We would recommend this hotel to our friends. 
2953 What a 5-star hotel should be. Service was top-notch. The staff was always helpful. 
2954 NOTE: there's not elevator, so if you have any problems with going up the stairs, book on the first floor. 
2955 You will not be disappointed if you stay at the Warwick Hotel. It has an old fashioned feel.....the rooms are very comfortable....and the whole ambience is superb. The location is so convenient to all the great spots. When we arrive at the Warwick.....we feel we have come home.. 
2956 great hotel 3 star great location ive also stayed at the waldorf astoria and prefer the wellington havnt eaten there but new york is a place to be explored near central park and fifth ave perfect for everything 
2957 From the moment we checked in the service was great! I felt like I was being welcomed into somebody's home. The rooms we very clean and the beds are very very comfortable! 
2958 es el peor hotel que he visto en mi vida, encontramos cigarrilos,bichos entre las sabanas, jamas lo limpian, es una pesadilla de hotel no se lo recomiendo a nadie!!!! 
2959 at first instance quite impersonal but service at front desk is quite efficient however fail to inform about additinal coupons for tea drinking water etc tea drinkers need to be cautious since hot water kettle not available in room rooms are pretty good location is simply fantastic 
2960 Just back from NYC. My husband, Kids and myself. We had a ball. This hotel is great. We got our adjoining rooms. Lovely rooms. comfy beds. hot water. All round very good. No bar though. Thats our only slightly neg comment. Lots of bars near-by.Very central location too. 
2961 The room was exceptionally large for a hotel room in NYC, and the location was super convenient, right next to the ACE train. The rooms were clean and I loved the size of the bathrooms and shower. Customer service was very good, and made me feel very welcome 
2962 we have just returned from ny and oh what a great time we had. The hotel was excellent. The rooms were clean and in a very good location. The staff were excellent. What a great time had by all. 
2963 great location with average looking rooms. good value for money. only criticism was the saggy bed. noise was not an issue although they provided ear plugs. would stay there again. 
2964 Chicken chunks found on sink stopper, unidentified orange stains on bath tub, pillows with oily scalp smell (common problem found in most US hotels of the same class) 
2965 The Holiday Inn 'Express was new, very clean, employees very friendly and we just enjohed our stay tremendously. The hotel was easy and convient to get in and out of. My stay was excellent. I did not book this hotel, but this is where I stayed. 
2966 Booked the room using an online discount website so the name was unpublished until after purchase. Linens were unclean and even had blood stains on the sheets, faulty knobs on shower and took he water forever to get hot. Customer service was good but comfort level was very low!!!! 
2967 Like I said, EXCELLENT HOSPITALITY, very very helpful, its like they are eager and committed to give the delight factor to every guest, whether you are checking in or OUT!!! Rooms could have been more spacious though... 
2968 We went to Omni Westside for a weekend getway. The staff was very friendly, and even upgraded our room! The hotel was very clean, and has spacious rooms. I would recomend this hotel to anyone. 
2969 This hotel was a great place to stay. They had reasonable prices, nice rooms, and great location. Nice staff. Parking garage right across the street for easy access. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone 
2970 It was our first time in NY and stayed at the Affinia, we were not dissapointed what a fantastic location the hotel was clean, comfortable, the staff were great. It was a bit noisy but thats New York for you !!! cant wait to go back WOW !!!!! 
2971 A very reasonably priced hotel in an excellent location. Staff friendly and helpful. Rooms spacious and beds comfortable. We would reccomend this hotel to anybody on a tourist visit to New York 
2972 Stayed there 2 nights and the hotel was very clean and comfortable ,had a great pool and breakfast. The surrounding area was a little sketchy 
2973 They did fix the lights in the parking lot and had a security vehicle on the grounds. 
2974 Stayed here on a colleague's recommendation. Great location for my business meeting. Close to the airport and dependable shuttle which arrived promptly. Service at this property is very good. 
2975 We always enjoy staying at the Regency. Th servise is good, although the front desk clerks can be iffy. The room are lovely, even if they could use some freshening up. The new manager is most helpful. 
2976 Great location, nice staff, good breakfast at the cafe doownstairs. Oldish furniture and windows, you can hear the hustle and bustle of the city also at night which bothers me a little. Great price/quality. 
2977 Stay here on business, quiet expensive rate but the room is quite big for NYC and large bathroom also. Early checkin granted which was a plus. 
2978 We had stayed at the Kimberly in the past and loved the location. Went back last week for a five day stay and to check out the renovations. Everything was great, rooms and staff are top notch. Don't forget to go upstairs to the Penthouse Lounge, great views! 
2979 The Sax Chicago is a nice hotel in a good location - part of the Marina City Complex. The rooms are spacious and the beds very comfortable. The hotel has a nice modern "vibe". 
2980 During our visit we lost our passports, credit cards, etc. The hotel concierge staff was extraordinary helpful. Also was the people at the front desk. A great hotel with excellent service. Among the best in NYC. I strongly recommend it. 
2981 This hotel has the nicest staff that could not have been more helpful.The rooms were clean, comfortable and roomy for New York..nice closet etc..Breakfast was average but included so thats always a plus.Matthew was wonderful and even let us use his umbrella! Can't wait to go back!!! 
2982 I just returned from a two night stay at The Iroquois. It was terrific. I have stayed at several hotels in the mid-town area and I would rate The Iroquois at the top of the list. Wonderful staff, we received great restaurant information from the Concierge. 
2983 Rooms small but clean, bed very comfortable. Wish we could have had a small fridge. staff helpful. 
2984 This boutique style hotel has a great location, just a short half-block off Time Square. Really convenient location. The lobby is upscale and trendy looking. Bar and restaurant by the side of the lobby; excellent Cuisine 
2985 A nice Hilton in the Chelsea/Fashion District. Cant really complain here...nice service, nice restaurant and rooftop bar...great location..rooms are decent/small, but that is nyc!! dont expect views..only buildings around this area. 
2986 Not up to Marriott corporate brand standards, ok but not great for $200/night! Tiny room. Restaurant menu very pedestrian and way overpriced, boarding pass machine not working, digital tv service went out (during Ryder Cup final round!!). In fairness to Marriott, other brands in area probably not much better! 
2987 I don't usually write reviews, but my husband and I really enjoyed our stay. The heavenly bed is always good as advertised. Staff was great. The front desk manager, Adam, took time to say hi to our little girl. We'll see you guys again this fall! 
2988 All was fine until I noticed that the badly painted chairs (brownish color) had ruined my favorite business suit. thanks alot. 
2989 bella scelta ,posizione invidiabile ,personale molto gentile ,trovato una receptionist italiana (viviana ) che mi ha dato ottimi consigli ,da provare gli hamburger del bar al piano terra suggerisco piano alto per vista 
2990 Heel goed hotel qua ligging,service en comfort.Enig minpuntje vond ik de bedden,althans degene waar wij in sliepen.Die waren zeer zacht en dus niet zo goed voor de rug.Verwacht hier geen grote luxe,maar gewoon degelijk comfort en service 
2991 Rooms were spacious, but nothing special. It was a great location in the mall and close to public transportation. 
2992 This was the worst hotel I've ever stayed in in the US. It was dark, dirty and completely unkept. It took a long time to check in and the room was really small. I would not recommend this to anyone. 
2993 das hotel ist super zentral am times square und an der metro. vor allen dingen gibt es auch um das hotel rum, viele bar's und restaurants. einfach toll. sehr zentral. das personal super freundlich und hilfsbereit. 
2994 Excellent location at Times Square, and a good, clean hotel. 
2995 I stayed in a suite on ym recent visit. The fridge did not work correctly, the shower did not drain correctly and the air conditioner was loud and made sleeping impossible. This is normally a good hotel but this was the wrost stay i have ever had in a Laquinta. 
2996 This hotel was beautiful, comfortable, and elegant. The room was perfect. 
2997 Not much to say. As expected outstanding from checking to room service to checking out. When spending $$ on a hotel it gotta be Marriot! I tried all the big names. Ones a Marriott always Marriot. This one has a great location, great service you cannot complain about anything 
2998 I always stay at this hotel as it is extremely clean, the staff is very friendly and helpful. I feel safe staying here and it is so close to Central Park that when I get too overwhelmed with the city I can find peace in the park. 
2999 This was our 4th stay at the Soho Grand over the past 2 years. The location cannot be beat and the rooms have always been more than adequate. The service has always been excellent. We would not hesitate to come back. 
3000 Wonderful view, great food, location as well. A Real Delight ! 
3001 Yes it is older and interesting. Some rooms need help. Ask for the good room and you should be fine. I've stayed twice and got a decent renovated room with an updated clean bathroom. Colors are wild but... whatever. People running it were nice. 
3002 This is an outstanding hotel that has wonderful character and lovely sitting areas on each floor. In the elevator has historical information about the hotels history over the years, Making the elevator ride interesting with the points of interest...Very Large hotel, well kept up and great beds! 
3003 I can highly recommend this hotel for its efficient service, friendly staff and great location. I had a wonderful trip to New York and the hotel played a big part in this. 
3004 I stumbled upon the Ameritania in the Spring of 2012, as I planned a quick trip to NYC to take my 10yr old to his 1st Yankees game, and I have returned several times since. What a beautiful hotel, and a true hidden gem in the Times Square area. 
3005 I have stayed here several times over last 2 years. As we know you can get deals all over town if you work priceline etc. BUT if you want consistent reliable comfort, super clean rooms, personal service, safety & good rates this is the place to stay. 
3006 Good location in Chelsea, a block away from a subway stop. Immediate area has shops and restaurants. Hotel itself is small, with limited amenities. The rooms are a bit small, newly refurbished with nice modern touches. Good value for New York. 
3007 I was looking for something cheap & clean and this fit the bill. Not in the best neighborhood, but it was a clean room and a great price $40. I would stay there again if I was in Houston and just looking for a place to crash. 
3008 Ero con mio papa', lui in viaggio di lavoro, io di piacere... Siamo andati al palace di new york e non sono mai stato in un albergo cosi' bello e confortevole in vita mia... veramente meraviglioso!!! 
3009 2nd time at the Mela and still pleased. It is so close to Time Sqaure and the tickets booth for show tickets, you can run over and buy reduced price tickets. The rooms are small (common in NYC) but clean and modern. I like smaller hotels, so much less stress. 
3010 How can you book a hotel in advance, regardless of reviews, if they refuse to take reservations? This may be a great deal, but it's reduced to an as-available basis on the day you want to stay there. How stupid is that? 
3011 Location is great if you want to be very close to little Italy and chinatown. It worked for us. Had lots of fun in little italy and had great food. Also easy to get to many places. Safe, very clean and great staff. 
3012 I received a complimentary upgrade to a larger suite and it was lovely. Great location for walking to museums, reasonably priced for that location, and helpful staff. I would stay there again. 
3013 Overall, pretty good. The rooms were a bit noisy and a fire alarm went off one morning. Got great service each morning at breakfast and getting coffe after my workouts...thanks Domingo t. Martinez jr!! Made the morning very cheerful and friendly! 
3014 Excellent hotel close to everything. rooms were cleaned every day and fresh towels each day. As for Brian the doorman he has to be nyc friendliest doorman and always willing to help with any queries you may have. Will defo stay here again 
3015 love this hotel so much 
3016 we stayed here for 2 days 
3017 our room was on level 14 which was a remodeled level and rooms were great. we had a lake view that was breathtaking. would stay here again. 
3018 Everything was just great and they upgrades us to a suite with no extra charge. I will go back there again...oh and it's close to EVERYTHING! 
3019 Deserving of it's 4 Star rating. Room and service was superb! Location was great. Will definitely stay here again! 
3020 I like it because the services are good,the people on the reception are helpful and the breakfast it is also good.it was quiet in the room even if it was a club in the hotel. 
3021 Buona posizione. Metro a meno di 1 isolato. Buone dimensioni e pulizia della camera. Il giudizio si abbassa a causa di piccoli problemi di manutenzione della camera e dal non ottimo funzionamento dell'impianto di riscaldamento della nostra stanza. Alla partenza abbiamo lasciato i bagagli in posto custodito (a pagamento) 
3022 Very nice hotel, we only had bed and breakfast but the service was good and the bedrooms were clean with plenty of room. Very central hotel from seeing all the sites. Would recommend. 
3023 always a good stay and good service,,,,just a movie problem in the room...15 min. into a movie it shuts off and i end up paying for a movie that i didnt get to watch.. this has happened 4 times in 3 months, 
3024 Room 7g,was just like having an a 1 bedroomed apartment which was clean with loads of space ,kitchen ,dining area,large living area and bedroom.Decor a bit dated but at $ 229 a night a bargain.Great location. 
3025 Our daughter was married there on Saturday and the hotel personnel could not have been more hospitable. They were attentive to every detail. Everything they promised they delivered on. Accomodations were great; food was excellent; service was superb. Highly recommended for any occasion. 
3026 I stay at this hotel regularly for business. The attitude from the employees seems to get worse and worse each time. You would think you were staying in a posh boutique hotel in SOHO. The hotel itself is nice and rooms are great, but beware of the hotel staff! 
3027 loved the location. alrite staff... refused to make me a cuppa tea..!! room was clean...BUT VERY SMALL...but we wer aware of this cos of reviews try the pub next door for food... :) held on to our bags for us while we shopped on the last day. 
3028 A great location; friendly service; quiet rooms; clean rooms. A very good option in Manhattan 
3029 We've stayed in most hotels in the financial district - definitely the best we've stayed in and a good Marriott. 
3030 Decent property, room was nice, bathroom was very small--vanity outside. Concierge lounge has a nice view and lots of food/drink options. Several restaurants nearby--mall across the street which was OK. Would stay here again if I have to return to Houston. 
3031 This place was perfect, if I go back to NYC there is nowhere else I would rather stay. The rooms are great, the bar is fantastic and the staff are friendly. The location was perfect and the beds were really comfortable. Highly recommend, very cool. 
3032 the place is perfect, near Maddison and Park, the staff members are perfect, outstanding the room is confitrable, quiet and clean The first choice in NYC 
3033 The Waldorf Astoria has a beautiful lobby. The rooms were small and worn. The concierge was a total snob, and I paid 22.00 for a martini in the lobby bar! Guess everybody needs to stay at the Waldorf once in their lives, but once is definitely enough. 
3034 I got an upgrade to one of the renovated rooms (34th floor). Beautiful fresh rooms. Service is good. Nice selection of restaurants. Great location. All in all a great experience. But it's so big that the service is a tad impersonal. 
3035 Stayed here for weekend trip and loved it. We stayed in a very reasonably-priced suite which had everything we needed 
3036 Location is perfect, staff were lovely, free wifi, checkout at noon - everything we could have asked for, really highly recommended, and I'll definitely stay here again 
3037 The only negative remark I have is that some of the receptionists are quite rude in their effort to spent at least time as possible talking to a guest in order to get to the next guest. It gives a conveyor belt feeling to the experience. Everything else is perfect. 
3038 This hotel is the perfect place to retreat after a long day of sightseeing. It was very spacious (very uncommon in NYC) for our family of 3. The room(s) were clean and the staff was excellent! We will be back! 
3039 stayed in october 2005. this is a great hotel and rooms just as nice as a upscale hotel. The location is perfect. Nice bar on the next street. Hotel staff were very friendly and accomodating. Can't wait to visit again next year. Hope they keep their rates the same. 
3040 This place is really OK. Why do people expect the most when they choose for the cheapest option in town? It's a NYC bargain. The building is old but the location is perfect and safe, the staff is friendly, rooms are fine and the bathrooms are cleaned every day. 
3041 Upon entering my room I found an unmade bed, kleenex on the floor, etc. I had been given an unclean room by accident. I was promptly moved to a new room though. Room sizes were decent and the room felt clean. Nice bathroom amenities(soaps/shampoos/etc). I would stay here again. 
3042 We had the most fantastic time in NY last year, it was made possible by the lovely Sam who works there and all the other lovely staff, thankyou so much and see you August 2012!! xx 
3043 Great hotel with great value, we will stay there every time we go to NYC. Free indoor parking, clean and spacious rooms, great location only a couple of blocks to Times Square, nice size pool on the third floor and very friendly staff. 
3044 hotel centalissimo e di fronta a una delle principali stazioni della metropolitana.a pochi min da time square ma abbastanza lontano dalla confusione della caotica piazza.anche se nn molto nuovo lo consiglio vista la posizione e il prezzo 
3045 When we arrived there the welcome was so brilliant. when we went up to our room it was so spacious and the bed was so comfortable. The facilites were so great. would definetely recommened it. 
3046 The Grand Union Hotel was great! The people were very welcoming. The price was right & the location was perfect. I would defintely stay here again! 
3047 We stayed at this hotel as a large family for my brothers 30th birthday. It was fantastic. The location is unbelievable. The rooms are luxurious. The staff are fantastic-nothing is a problem. The wine tasting hour was great. Highly recommended! 
3048 The hotel was in a good location, was clean and the staff went out of their way to treat guests well. The rooms were small but that seems to be the norm for NYC. Plus it was quiet at night 
3049 The Belvedere was perfect for a weekend visit! Room was as described, friendly staff, gym was adequate and of course location is amazing. Will definitely be back! 
3050 beautiful rooms, fantastic location, great hotel for location to all attractions. would recommend this to anyone. this hotel was very clean and staff were helpful. if going for the macey's parade this is ideal as the parade was at the bottom of street. 
3051 Due to my business i choose this hotel and i am totally satisfied with the location.Everything is done in 1 day and hotel get the credit due to the location.Thanks for staff also for the amenity sent to my room. J 
3052 It was my second time in NYC, so I choose to stay in a chain hotel with good location. It worked very well. 
3053 Stayed in march last year, was a perfect location friendly staff, excellent door staff and good sized room, will definately sty again when go back in 2014! Highly recommended! 
3054 Great location,price,room. And it's clean! Can't get much better than this place. 
3055 The location, the roofbar, the friendly staff, the rooms, Liam the nightguy, the burgers! I really like this hotel. We stayed in the 19th floor with a stunning view to Empire state building. Only bad thing is no free WiFi... It's 2011 this should be free not $14.95 per day!!!! 
3056 Buena relacion calidad-precio, la habitacion con espacio suficiente para las maletas y el lavabo completo y limpio. Buena ubicacion y bien comunicado con el resto de Manhattan mediante el metro. El desayuno era variado. Buen trato del personal. 
3057 Stayed at the Skyline from May 10th through the 13th.....lovely hotel! The room was clean and very spacious, the staff was extremely friendly and helpful with questions, and it's in a great location. Looking forward to returning! 
3058 Clean & spacious room, a bit noisy but that's how NYC is Nice location 
3059 My out-of-town friends loved being so close to Times Square, yet could not believe how quiet it is here. Essentials such as bedding quality, cleanliness, and decor are right on. The Iroquois is now the only place they want to stay. 
3060 Beautiful big hotel in a fantastic location. Excellent and spacious rooms with fantastic view - our room with St. Patrick Cathedral. Bathrooms good equipped. 
3061 Service, Clean rooms and the food is really good, make a big difference compare with other hotels in the area. Also , it is located just couple blocks from bar areas, excellent restaurant and the theater district, so it is real a good deal. 
3062 I enjoyed my recent stay at the Mondrian. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Yes the room was small but the view and decor were amazing. You can't beat the location in Soho! 
3063 Quite tired accom but clean and very comfy bed!!! Decor quite dated and bathroom a little on the small size. But bang in the centre for everything!!!! Would definitely go again xx 
3064 love love loved this hotel. great service, friendly, beautiful rooms with lots of light and stunning manhatten views. really made our stay in manhatten special staying here. great restaurant attached to hotel too which is locals eat at too. highly recommend. 
3065 The location of this hotel is the best. Walking distance from Macy's the metro stations and theateres. Room is bigger than I thought with a nice kitchen. Staff is very friendly. I loved every minute of my stay here. 
3066 From the moment I stepped into the lobby after my delayed flight - I was treated very well. I would higly recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in NYC in Manhattan - delightful staff and ready to make sure you have a great stay! 
3067 great hotel in heart of new york - rooms were good size very clean. free breakfast was good within walking distance to subways - overall great hotel 
3068 la camera e' piccola avevamo una con letto a castello,ma pulita il bagno in comune sempre pulito(forse un po bagnato quando facevi la doccia)la posizione e' veramente comoda a piedi raggiungi quasi tutto e la metro e' adue passi....diveritevi a new york 
3069 The hotel reception is very effetient and professional. Hotel breakfast is awesome, the best egg benedict I ever had. Hotel Spa is excellent. 
3070 We spent one night here before flying out of Midway. The room was new, clean and bright. The only negatives were that the pillows were very soft and uncomfortable. The room was small, but they made good use of the space. 
3071 My first review on trip advisor. Just wanted to warn about this hotel. I was woken up at 4AM with bedbug bites and observed the bedbugs in my bed. Room was also rather dingy and dirty. Not a great place to stay. 
3072 We passed a 6 days stay at yotel with friends, rooms are moderns and clean, well designed (It gaves me idea for my home.... ), staff is very carefully, the hotel is close of times square. A very good experience. I recommend it to everybody. 
3073 The Travel Inn is a really nice hotel at a good price. The room was comfortable and clean and the staff was friendly and helpful. It is fairly close to Times Square and Broadway. I would definitely recommend this hotel. 
3074 What I loved best was its proximity to Central Park. The service and the amenities were excellent. I would highly recommend this to anyone who needs a place to stay in Manhattan. 
3075 Hotel was very nice! Rooms are small, but comfortable! Would definitely stay here again! 
3076 el equipo del concierge hacen creer que ayudan pero yo los eliminara, localizacion envidiable. habitaciones amplias. 
3077 The title speaks for itself. The location was perfect, walking distance to many local attractions. Staff was very helpful, rooms a tad bit small but clean. Definitely would recommend this hotel. 
3078 W Talent is Wonderful! LaMika Hughes and Cindy Alverez are top notch at every level. If you need something, ask. We stay once or month or so for business and pleasure. The two reasons are LaMika and Cindy. 
3079 This hotel is clean in a really good location. You do get what you pay for with absolutely no extras at this hotel. Walking distance to everywhere on magnificent mile, beach and navy pier 
3080 I stayed at the carter with my friends from Denmark. The best person to ask for anything is the tall black guy "Abdul". He is great. other than that the place is you get what you pay for!! Karen 
3081 I booked one bed here but when I reached here on 25th night I saw there is a notice to vacate at the front and do not enter notice. when I called them, they told a couple of rooms are not in good shape. What a Sham! 
3082 Me and My family stay at Barclay when ever we visit Manhattan, NY. Barclay always has been our first choice and always will be. Excellent location. Wonderful atmosphere in the Lobby. You feel safe any hour of the day in this hotel. Suite are very nice and clean. 
3083 Bad Elevators. No Fridge, No Microwave. Friendly Staff inside and Out. Close to Everything. No Coffee in room. Very well kept. 
3084 new york por si sola es estupenda, este hotel hace la visita mas agradable, esta muy bien ubicado, es moderno, fuera de lo comun, con una iluminacion fantastica, da gusto llegar y relajarse, en la noche tiene un muy buen ambiente. muy acorde al estilo de la ciudad. recomendable totalmente 
3085 Overall a great stay and we all enjoyed the hotel and it's location. 
3086 Stayed here for 1 night early November 2004. Lovely large modern room on 16th floor. Not much of a view though. Big bathroom but had to ring house keeping for toiletries and lav paper. Clean, good location. Would stay here again. 
3087 I stayed at the Hyatt Regency for a total of 5 weeks in Autumn 2010. For the business traveller, it is ideal. The only downside is a rather small gym, which can be crowded at peak time (between 05:45 - 07:00 a.m.). 
3088 This hotel is in front of a police station, the rooms are very clean and comfortable. If you are looking for a hotel within budget, this is the one. Many good small restaurants are around which is always conveinent. 
3089 Another exemplary experience at the London NYC hotel. No shooting star here; every visit has been replicated and topped with each stay. Stunning view of Central Park this time. We will only stay at the London NYC. Don't miss the wonderful afternoon tea. 
3090 The hotel's location was great - near the subway and Bryant Park. The rooms were nice, plenty of space, small kitchen with breakfast bar. Staff was very helpful and a wonderful breakfast buffet. 
3091 Me and husband went here for a weekend get away and we were very impressed with the service.The service is next to none we have experience any where so far.So KEEP UP THE GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE..St. Regis! 
3092 very nice rooms & suites. Almost no lobby. Food is mediocre and food staff seemed genuinely disinterested in their jobs -I haven't encountered that level of poor service in a hotel in years (not even in Paris). Very poor leadership. 
3093 Stay somewhere else, unless you can afford a suite.. was very fustruated while satying at the Waldorf.. food horrible. This hotel should be considred 3 star. 
3094 Certes facile d'acces cet hotel gigantesque ressemble a un hall de gare avec des queues interminables de check-in/out. La chambre est minuscule d'une proprete douteuse. tout est a refaire. Nous avons eu de la chance, nous n'avons pas trouve de punaises de lit! 
3095 Perfect location to all Broadway shows, which are in walking distance. Hotel is clean,comfortable, and has a friendly atmosphere. Overall it was a great experience and would not hesitate to stay there again or recommend it. 
3096 This hotel is modern, quirky, ideally located (just south of Columbus, a short trek from Central park and just off Broadway). The terrace bar on the roof is amazing, giving you fab views over Broadway. The room is fairly generously sized for Manhattan, including a great bathroom and fab toiletries. 
3097 great location. great service. near the park, Lincoln Center, and Colunus Circle. Nice bar area; very euperoian. Cool! 
3098 My stay at the Le Parker Meridien was superb! Location, Location, Location! We were close to everything...Central Park, Theater, and Shopping! My room was perfect - very clean & tidy! On my next trip to NYC, I will definitely be staying at Parker Meridien. 
3099 I feel at home here.the staff is exceptionally warm and helpful. Infact I now know them by name. I can figure out getting to anyplace from here. Its in d heart of d city. Bustling.a home away from home!!if its another vacation in ny its at d radisson. 
3100 Hotel stay was pleasant and room was comfortable and quiet. Breakfast was above average. Experienced long "on hold" time when calling front desk (15 minutes total for two occurences on one call). Also waited 35 minutes for bellman (who did not show) before handling my own luggage on checkout. 
3101 New York Inn Hotel is located strategically close to the major attractions in midtown Manhattan; the hotel staff are excellent in their customer service, and the room rates are very competitive. 
3102 nearby the Houston's medical center & that's the only good thing about the location. rooms are very big. the hotel overall is old & not that clean 
3103 One of the best hotels with a spectacular veiws over times square.The room was excellent and clean.Very comfortable.Service excellent.Only one disappointment,the toilet did not work properly.Would return to this hotel, no prob. 
3104 Excellent for families, our room gave us plenty of space for the 5 of us, 2 bedrooms and a room with a large sofa bed. Its very central, only a couple of blocks from Times Square and one block from the greyline Bus tours. Very good value! 
3105 Otima localizacao,perto de metros, onibus e trem. Em frente ao Grant Park e Field Museum. Servico de boa qualidade comparado ao valor da diaria. Efetuei compras on line antes de chegar ao hotel e todos os pacotes estavam guardados ate a minha chegada, sem coranca de servico extra. Atendimento otimo. 
3106 excelente ubicacion del hotel, cercano a los principales lugares turisticos de nueva york y de la grand central terminal que permite visitar y conocer todo manhattan atravez del subway. 100 % recomendable. 
3107 We stayed in this hotel for only one night, but it really was such a good find! It was a reasonable price for a NY hotel, rooms were quite small but very modern with nice bathrooms. Couldnt have asked for anything better. Very pleased. 
3108 Good location, nice breakfast but what makes it really excellent is the service of the staff. They were friendly, helpfull and made our NYC trip a success. They had nice tips for things to do and they helped us with booking of events. I would come again! 
3109 Great Hotel in a great location for families. We stayed with our 2 teenage sons for a weekend. Couldn't have been better. Nice corner room on the 23rd floor with a great view. The room was spacious enough for the 4 of us. Very happy with everything. 
3110 It was a special birthday trip for our daughter, the hotel offered her a excellent birthday chocolate cake, she loved it ! Many thanks. We all enjoyed the hotel, very quiet, clean, nice staff. The rooms are a little "old style" but it is part of the history. 
3111 Casablanca Hotel in Time Square is AWESOME!! Awesome staff, Awesome rooms, one step out the door to Time Square, Beautiful. Can't wait to go back! 
3112 Wonderful room, service and great location. Beautiful lobby area and we happen to be there when there was a wedding and everything looked beautiful! Would definitely recommend and stay again. 
3113 Japanese owned and run. Very polite, good value, good service, close to Maceys, 10 mins from Times Square. Recommend it. 
3114 Enjoyed my stay. Room is a little small, but very clean and comfy. I choosed the hotel based on tripadvisor.com reviews. Thanks for other reviews. 
3115 Better service in reception. Better service in reception. Better service in reception. Better service in reception. Better service in reception. Better service in reception. 
3116 The room had a great shower and comfortable bed. When I woke up and opened the window I was treated to a grand view of the canals in downtown chicago. wow. 
3117 If you want to be on the upper west side this is a great hotel with very reasonable rates .the staff and the rooms are really great so give it a try, You will feel right at home, I can't think of anything to complain about. 
3118 My husband and I stayed 5 nights. Location in Midtown was perfect. The restaurant food was delicious, and the bar was fun. Matthew and Gulbye at the front desk were so helpful and nice!!! We will be back! 
3119 Very nice room very quiet would stay here again. Fitness center well equiped. 
3120 I stay here quite often...it is FANTASTIC...the staff is super nice, including the doormen--everyone's very helpful, they make it feel like home AND they know "what's up" in the City. I've also stayed at Ace, Gansevoort, and The Standard, and I still pick ink48 over all of them... 
3121 Goed en schoon hotel, meer heb je niet nodig als je veel wilt doen en zien in de stad. Gezamelijke douche leverde weinig wachttijden op en was altijd schoon. koffie in de lounge elke ochtend is een goede service. Minpuntje, geen wasbakje op de kamer. 
3122 I was just there one day, but the Sofitel is a keeper...Central location to midtown hubbub and spacious clean rooms...separate bath and shower...i'm hooked! 
3123 A cinque minuti da Times Square, vicinissimo al Madison Square Garden e a qualche isolato dall'Empire, comodo per raggiungere qualsiasi posto di Manhattan. Stanza piccola (a malapena si riesce ad aprire una valigia) ma abbastanza pulita e personale molto disponibile e cortese. Consigliato a chi non ha eccessive pretese. 
3124 Stayed 3 nights, everything perfect! When checking in, ask for an updated room! 
3125 I loved the Surrey. It's in a nice location and the staff was helpful and easy going. I wlked to many of the biz meetings I had and the museums. Definitely stay here again 
3126 One of the better rooms I have stayed in in New York. Good size. Comfortable. Great location near Grand Central. Friendly service. No complaints. We had a lot of baggage and they were very helpful. 
3127 A nice hotel in a quiet, yet good central location for meandering around the city. 
3128 3 volwassenen in 1 kamer en slechts 2 paar handdoeken en 1 flesje shampoo. Geen koffieapparaat in de kamer. Badkamer niet zo zorgvuldig schoongemaakt, papiertjes bleven 2 dagen liggen. Globaal toch wel wat overprijsd. 
3129 This hotel is conveniently located in Lincoln park, but besides that, there was nothing positive about my experience at this hotel. The room was incredibly small and not very clean. The bed was super uncomfortable. Stay somewhere else! 
3130 Direct sur Times Square avec la chambre superior amazing view sinon c'est vue sur cour ! Belle chambre avec taille superieur a ce que l'on trouve sur NY le matin c'est la queue .... a l'ascenseur sinon dans le standard Novotel je recommande 
3131 Great location in Time Square. Hotel and hotel room was clean, Staff was friendly and helpful. Great pricing for the location. 
3132 Can I put it a bit better than good, but not 'very good'? Nice staff, clean room, maybe a bit on the small side. Excellet view from the window! Were given a complimentary breakfast, which maybe wasn't quite as good as I was expecting. 
3133 Hotel centralissimo. Camere spaziose e pulite. Personale disponibile e cordiale. 
3134 I stayed here on a business trip for work. The staff was helpful, I had a nice room, it was on the small side and the view was horrible, but everything was very clean. It was not loud and I had no problems staying here. 
3135 I loved every aspect of this hotel. We stayed in a petite room, but was surprised that it was more space than at Hotel Mela (on 44th street). Great Location! Housekeepers made our bed perfectly on a daily basis. Amazing bathrooms!!!!! I will not be staying anywhere else. 
3136 This hotel was perfectly located for shopping, eating, and sight seeing. It is right in the middle of everything. Our room was very big and comfortable. The hotel was very clean and the staff was very helpful. 
3137 Stayed here for three nights last month. Fantastic location, in a quiet street considering that its about 200 yards from Times Square. Clean, spacious rooms. Friendly, helpful staff and a great continental breakfast included. Within walking distance to heaps of major attractions. I highly recommend this hotel. Enjoy. 
3138 Nastiest place I have ever stayed. The hallways and the room stunk bad. Couldn't get fresh towels. Wouldnt stay again if they paid me to- they outta bulldoze that stink hole. 
3139 Great location, great service, great convenience, great oasis 
3140 At Rm ending in "05" side of hotel...starting @ 6:45AM PILE DRIVING CRANE banging away made it IMPOSSIBLE TO SLEEP a minute longer! Otherwise, very nice "practical" , clean, hip would stay-again type of place 
3141 D&M 
3142 The MUSE hotel is one of the best kept secrets in NYC, I could not find one fault, and I am a very particular person. I hope that the MUSE will be able to accommodate me in the future. The staff should be highly commended. 
3143 The hotel is ideally located with access to everything that matters in NYC. The rooms were clean, good service and helpful staff. The location made the entire stay super in NYC perfect. 
3144 Great location. Staff very nice! Clean and quiet! Surprising how we could found this lovely hotel right in the middle of Times Square. 
3145 * No resort fee * Great service * Very clean * Awesome spa * many extra options for the kids. 
3146 We recently spent a long weekend in NYC and were fortunate to have stayed here for the first time. We were lucky to have found a super promotion in which the third night was free. Everything about The Palace is superlative, and I truly recommend it for a unique experience. 
3147 These apartments are a wonderful choice for those who need more than just a typical hotel room in NYC. They are clean, spacious and have all amenities you would need. The staff was extremely helpful and worked with us to select the right accommodations and make our stay run smoothly. 
3148 The service was lovely,the old hotel remodeled and comfortable. Great location close to restaurants shopping and the lake! 
3149 We LOVED our room at The Fairmont. Staff members were wonderful, but it was not comfortable for a family with two young children. Lots of cream color furniture! 
3150 We stayed for at week. Clean rooms, good beds and kind staff. Highly recommended: cheap hotel at a fine lokation in the center og Manhattan. 
3151 great location! a bit old, a little noisy heating and i think i felt it like a 3 star hotel. 
3152 I needed to stay near Wall ST. and this hotel was perfect. The room was perfect in every way - clean, comfortable, quite and nicely updated. Staff was very nice and helpful. Yes, I would stay there again. 
3153 Small boutique hotel 
3154 from the moment you arrive, you almost feel at home yes the rooms are small but very nice. I wish they had a door on the closets instead of a curtain which makes it look cheap. but I did ignore this The internet is welcome addition 
3155 C'est bien parce que c'est tout pret de Rockfeler, de l'avenue Broadway, des restaurants, c est pas cher du tout. Par contre la chambre est tres petite et c'est une rue tres bruyante. 
3156 Beautiful hotel, well-appointed, near the Empire State Building. Found all of the staff to be very friendly and helpful. 
3157 Hotel con ampie stanze, non facili da trovare a New York. Pulito, dotato di PC con connessione free. Vicino a Penn Station quindi abbiamo potuto prendere dall'aereoporto di Newark il comodo treno NJtransit spendendo 15$ cad. Vicino a Empire, alla 5th Avenue, a Times Squares, a Macy's. Consigliatissimo! 
3158 I've stayed at Hilton Times Square several times and it is a very nice business hotel with good service and in a very central location. Quit despite being in Times Square. Nice bar and good breakfast. 
3159 Dated bare bones hotel could use a facelift. Staff was friendly and helpful. Great location across from Lake Michigan and close to public transportation. There is not a restaurant in the hotel, but there is one next door. 
3160 This Hotel is the favourite hotel of Jimmy Carter. Service is very good and location TOP. Rooms a big and have everything you could ask for. 
3161 Clean room and comfortable bed!!! Front door service was quick and friendly -- I had a taxi in no time and they held the door and placed my luggage in the taxi for me. Staff was helpful in finding the perfect restaurant and location for our dinner. 
3162 4 of us shared a room on the second floor. Quiet and clean with comfortable beds and very good shower. Ideal location for mid-town sights and great view of Empire State Building from roof top bar. Staff were friendly and helpful. Would recommend. 
3163 Very nice location, with restaurants and fast foods next to the hotel. The furniture and accomodantions could be more modern. Nice price and good staff. 
3164 Wi-fi signal barely existent on 29th floor, at least inside my room; there is no room service; cigarette smell coming from the a/c vent, even though it's a (supposedly) smoking free hotel. That being said, location is great, rooms are big and really clean, front desk very helpful. 
3165 sehr zentral sehr sauber angenehmes flair 
3166 It's great hotel. Near every place, under the hotel has a Duane Reade if you don't have breakfast in your hospity, you can do it in Duane Reade, cheap e excelente quality. The bedroom is very clena, the employees is very attencious e friendily. 
3167 Nice Place nice people close to airport. very pretty. I spoke with the landscaper and he and the rest of the staff were very nice and informitive. The people at this hotel sure make one very comfortable. 
3168 It's our second time in this hotel. The staff is great and helpful! it's very clean and the breakfast is good. The location is awsome! I would recomend this hotel! 
3169 Il servizio e' eccellente tutto il personale e' sempre a disposizione.E' situato vicino al centro e a piedi si puo' arrivare benissimo a time square.La colazione e' ottima e abbondande anche per chi come noi e' abituato alla colazione all'italiana.Consigliato 
3170 Very simple do not stay there, it is a total kip.. Checked in Checked out in 10 mins would not stay there. Found a gorgous hotel on 31st st Wolcott hotel.........There is so much better in New York just take the time to look honestly...................... 
3171 Good location and very clean and modern. The rooms are large for NY standards and the lively bar/lobby was refreshing. Excellent addition to the city. The staff was very helpful (John in particular) and the service was very efficient. i would definitely recomend to anyone-couples, families,tc. 
3172 Expected a much better room for the price. This hotel is overated. My room was on the third floor and the windows looked as if they had never been cleaned. 
3173 This hotel is tiny but mighty. If you're used to cruise ships and Europe, the rooms will suit you just fine. Quite an affordable price for being so incredibly well-located. I would recommend to any experienced traveler. 
3174 Hotel really clean and quiet even though 32 floors.Breakfast was not to good and not enough storage space-there were 3 of us.Free laundry facilities were a bonus. Hotel was in a central spot. 
3175 From the bellmen to the front desk staff to the very gracious maids, everyone at the Intercontinental Barclay was a pleasure to interact with. Lots of genuine smiles from the staff at all hours. A truly unique and pleasurable experience. Absolutely loved it! 
3176 Although the hotel is old, the staff are great. They are very helpful. There is a living area, dining area with a fully equiped kitchenette allows th guest to cook instead of dining every meal in the restaurant. Great for family to stay together. 
3177 Good service great customer service but some rooms can be a bit small. There's good food avalilble and a great lounge with a pool table a bar and other activitys to do. There is a great cafe on the corner which does fantastic food. 
3178 The hotel is located in the heart of the financial and Seaport district. The hotel was tastefully appointed and had a great breakfast buffet. The staff was exceptional, especially Arturo Guerra at the Front Desk. 
3179 We stayed in Lucerne for three days. Experience and service was very good and we can warmly recommend the hotel for families that are visiting New York. 
3180 A terrible, terrible hotel - even if it is cheap. We stayed during Sept 2003. Dirty, old, battered, peeling, cracked, saggy, dank, smelly, stained, with toilets that frequently overflowed (3 times in 6 days). Overall it's just depressing. Don't stay at Hotel Pennsylvania. 
3181 Tiny room, hotel was quite dimly lit, although the staff were helpful. Location was fab very central. 
3182 Loved The Iroquois. Personal service, luxurious comfort and convenience. Will plan to stay there again. 
3183 Very Good Service, courtesy, and treatment. The atmosphere was very attractive and friendly. The food was very delicious. 
3184 c`est un hotel bien place d`un style art deco qui change des hotels modernes avec une literie exceptionnelle nous sommes dans un nid douillet 
3185 If you are planning to go new York like a turist this is the perfect place. Located close to everything nice view good restaurant close perfect!!! Room are clean with a very nice bedroom decoration is all in modern style bathroom was very clean and the best an affordable price 
3186 Stayed for a long weekend-June 14-18, 2007. Pros: GREAT location (walking distance to everything), quiet, friendly, good shower, good housekeeping Cons: room shabby (carpet/paint), 13" TV, small elevators, no concierge(bellman do that job), blew fuses with hairdryer. 
3187 The staff are very helpful The room is very quiet and new The hotel is located in a very nice attractive area Most what I like the staff are very helpful 
3188 Das Hotel ist in perfekter Lage, nur ein paar Meter vom Time Square entfernt. Die Ausstattung der Zimmer ist gehobener amerikanischer Standard, sauber und ruhig trotz zentraler Lage, das Personal sehr freundlich und zuvorkommend. Also alles in allem nur zu empfehlen! 
3189 Nice, clean Garden Inn very close to the Galleria (walking distance). Bit noisy as two seperate colleagues had experienced with their next-door neighbours. Free cookies in the morning and snacks during late afternoon drinks. Friendly staff and free wifi. Overall, good business hotel. 
3190 "Smoking room needs work-as always in a smoking room-big suite for the price!" Good location-got a suite for total $700 for 2 days-on bookit---room was big-actually 2 rooms. Bad rugs-heating but the place is acceptable compared to the price of their regular small room. 
3191 Affordable hotel, perfect for a short visit in New York. Location is great, just next to subway station 33rd Street. Room was clean and quiet, nice view. Though the room was a bit cool for mid-december. 
3192 We stayed here in mid-December, and it was the perfect location for Christmas. Walking distance to the theatres, historic State Street is around the corner, and the hotel is a landmark. The lobby is incredible! 
3193 We had such an amazing time. We felt so well cared for from the minute we pulled up at the hotel until the moment we left. Everyone is so devoted to making you feel comfortable it is truly amazing. You must pop in to Harry Cipriani's for a Bellini... 
3194 I fell in love with this hotel! It was so beautiful and the staff was amazing! Wherever we looked something was being cleaned! And the location could not be beat! We walked everywhere, which really saved on taxi fares! Perfect anniversary getaway...we will be back! 
3195 The Edison has some small rooms and it is a little worn. But for the money and the mid-town location I wouldn't stay anywhere else. 
3196 Great ambiance, delightful staff, spacious well appointed room with great views! 
3197 Beautiful property, very well located. Terrifically bad service. Housekeeping "missed" our room one day. Attitude from hotel operator when approached with small requests. Unprofessional, rude service in downstairs cafe/piano area in evening. Would not recommend to anyone expecting 5* service for price. Beautiful, but shallow... 
3198 Quick check-in procedure, nice and clean rooms. Bathroom and shower well equipped. Nice bar with happy hour and two blocks from Empire State Building. Excellent lokated with Time Square, Madison Square Garden and Central Station within walking distance. Breakfast ok, but not fantastic. 
3199 Had a fantastic stay over Labor Day weekend. Beautiful, sleek property with gracious, friendly staff. Just steps from 28th Street subway, Starbucks, a variety of great reasonable eateries, and a short walk to Whole Foods, the High Line, and lots of other great things. Highly recommended. 
3200 Perfect location and beautiful hotel. May 2004. Needs a good breakfast place nearby--only downfall. 
3201 the room was very comfortable,the bathroom too.Very clean hotel and near the center. it's a very good choise if you want to visit NYC for a few days.i think that the price was good ,because in NY usualy the hotels are very expencive. 
3202 clean ,the room was small ,breakfast included in hte price 
3203 The staff is amazing, helpful and courteous. The close proximity to the CTA was a bonus. Great food in both restaraunts. The rooms are clean, confortable and well-kept. Overall a great experience. 
3204 Close to attractions and transport. Clean and tidy. Good service, Good breakfasts. Nice friendly bar. Only snag was that we couldn't see out of the tiny window facing a wall so it was a little claustrophobic. 
3205 I recently stayed at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel, I was impressed on the interior design and the rooms were really gorgeous. In addition, being on Park Avenue in midtown central to it all. complimentary limo from hotel, service by CSL Transportation. Nothing beats the experience. 
3206 Whenever I want to stay centrally located to Times SQ and the theater scene, without breaking the bank, I stay here. Yes, it's old. Yes, the rooms are small. But if you are on a budget, and in the city that never sleeps anyway, this can't be beat. 
3207 Stayed here for the weekend- the value for money was excellent. The rooms were spacious, clean and comfortable. Location was perfect- close to everything, whilst avoiding the crowds. Will definitely return! 
3208 special mention to front desk officer jason for putting me opnto a higher floor than the kiosk. Thanks Jason. I will not be able to put in a lot of words. All i want to say is i had a great expoerience. 
3209 A reasonable hotel in a great area of New York City. Excellent downtown views - Freedom Towers. Thanks specifically to Anthony at the front desk for the excellent room and Matthew for the restaurant tips in Little Italy. 
3210 We stay at this hotel for a week we had only one thing bad to say is that the safe in the room didn't work so we had tk lock all passport in are suitcases 
3211 Het hotel is net, schoon, het personeel was vriendelijk, de kamer was niet Groot, maar wel van alles voorzien, incl. Koffie en thee.Zo'n 100meter van twee metro stations,dus goede verbindingen en meteen aan de rand van Soho. Genoeg eettentjes dichtbij. 
3212 Nice environment. Clean bathroom and rooms. Close to Central Park. 
3213 Hotel very well located, very close to times square, clean modern rooms although small. Sympathetic and professional staff. Breakfast at the Saju Bistro excellent. 
3214 I very much appreciated the personal service and the warm welcome that we received from all employees. The hotel is physically beautiful, particularly the lobby and bar area. The rooms are interesting, well-appointed and very comfortable. Service was, overally, simply outstanding. 
3215 Small rooms. Very expensive but then its New York. Good location though. The bathroom was tiny. 
3216 Had an awesome stay last week. Service was excellent! 
3217 Found it a great place to stop, clean rooms, meals OK, the staff were friendly and helpful. The location is also very good. I would have no hesitation in stopping there again if visiting NY in the future. 
3218 Easy and cooperative staff, very reasonable price, and was given a single w/ extra bedroom and private bathroom. Very important to me! Overall, surprisingly good. Location- easy access, neat architecture. Id go again if I can't splurge on a"fancy" hotel. 
3219 Check-in person poorly trained 
3220 Lack of amenities in room - no bathroom rug available until next day. Level of service definitely not maintained for a property like this. Rooms and hallways are old and tired, both in main hotel and "towers". Not worth the price at all. 
3221 Fourth time at this hotel. Always a great stay. Pricey but treat yourself once in a while. 
3222 The Benjamin is an excellent choice -- well kept; excellent service and a great location. Excellent value. 
3223 EXCELLENT! MARVELLOUS!! Very clean, excellent staff, high quality room...... I could go on but I guess you get it! WAY better than The Time hotel we had the misfortune to book into last Easter!!! Got that one?....... The Time, 49th Ave :o( 
3224 an excellent atmosphere,great location,innovative hotel.free breakfast included but it was no varied(cofee and muffins).free internet station and free wi-fi.we found the galley most usefull. we certainly going to recomend of this hotel to our fellows 
3225 very very accomodating. very friendly people. let us store our luggage while our room was getting ready. awesome breakfast in the morning. 
3226 Great reception by dinner hostess, wonderful wines recommended by our witty waiter, beautiful dining room and excellent food, followed by a delectable room, comfortable bed and great concierge and room service. 
3227 $14.02 for internet for one night, but it's fast. Spend some time exploring this one-of-a-kind architecture. Check out the rotating high up restaurant. Cloistered courtyard with hot tub gazebo. Enthusiastically helpful staff. Worth the extra $$. 
3228 Hotel Zaza is a awesome hotel! I was there for a "staycation" and forgot I was still in Houston. Staff was excellent and cater to your every whim... was impressed by the small fee to have my dog (16lbs) stay! food is EXCELLENT and well executed. 
3229 I stayed here for a night. Wow, really not nice. Small room. Felt dirty. Stained. Grungy. Towels were like sand paper. I think a 13 inch television. I would never recommend this hotel. 
3230 I have stayed in this property multiple occasions and always enjoy it greatly. Terrific price for the location. General Manager went above and beyond for my daughter's birthday. We felt very special and had a wonderful weekend. This will always be our go-to hotel in NYC! 
3231 This was a great hotel, excellent service but they have a lot of conventions there so i would call and ask if there is one going on at the same time you are there, other than that great location good breakfast in the morning would definitley go back 
3232 Close to everything. Very clean and quiet. Loved this hotel and would definitly go back. 
3233 My first business trip to Houston. The staff is super friendly. Requests were fulfilled quickly. Free in room wi-fi. Cool, comfortable and quiet room. Hotel restaurant is good. 
3234 Trump International in NYC is a wonderful hotel - 2bed 2 bath suite is spacious and clean. service is top notch. security in front lobby is very good. location is convenient. we had a corner unit with view of central park and columbus circle. wow! 
3235 We had a splendid stay at the Le Parker Meridien! The hotel-team was friendly and welcoming and the room (junior suite) was top... The friendly and welcoming service attitute is rare in New York. Le Parker Meridien-team: we will be back! 
3236 I loved this hotel will use it again without a doubt. Two girls went over for a shopping trip and sightseeing great location for everything friendly staff, very clean and got it for a great price :) 
3237 had a very poor stay..room not clean, noise in halls, fire alarm for no reason, and poor breakfast....no help from managment when i ask for discount because of bad sevice..don't go...shawn m. sulphur,la. 
3238 I have recently stayed in this hotel. From all factors, this hotel deserves good rating. Staff is quite co-operative, room service is excellent, restaurant food is mouth watering. Airport pick and drop facility is in every 30 mins. Nice gesture from all hotel staff. 
3239 We had a lovely stay here. The cleaning service was very good, tidying our shopping and smiling along the way. It was a fun trip to New York 
3240 we stayed at the la quinta for a week and its a fab hotel,clean comfortable,big rooms,own bathroom and a good breakfast,great location,any problems fixed straight away,what more could you ask for!great rates too! 
3241 Currently staying at Grand Hyatt not so grand housekeeping lets the team down ..location great, marketplace in lobby wonderful always hot coffee. But certainly the amount of mould in our bathroom is disappointing to say the least. Rooms are very dark so make sure you set your alarm. 
3242 No frills but great location, clean and quiet. Other reviewers have complained about the size of the rooms, but ours had room for a queen bed, desk, dresser, 2 end tables, and a comfortable chair. 
3243 Hotels across the street cost twice as much. 
3244 Man kann mit E-Underground direkt vom JFK zur 42 Street fahren und hat dann nur noch 5 min. zu fuss. Perfekte Lage, trotzdem in der Nacht ruhig, total stylisch und modern, Kaffee und Muffins gratis,.....endlich mal ein Hotel, dass wirklich von A-Z Spass macht - immer wieder gerne!!!! 
3245 everything was exceptional! I absolutely loved it and will be back as soon as I can! Great hospitality 
3246 We stayed free last night on our Hilton Honors points... unbelievably accommodating... very clean... bed was just right... great breakfast. Night clerk "Ada" is a real jewel. Other housekeeping staff and lady preparing breakfast were all smiling and pleasant. GREAT PROPERTY!! 
3247 Very nice stay in grat location. No frills but clean, and greta location, great price. right in middle of all activities, plays and subways. Highly recommend 
3248 Is this really a full service Marriott hotel? This old hotel is in a great location if you need to be at the airport but it is very run down and dated, I will not stay at this hotel again. 
3249 With the exception of the lackluster greeting at the desk, staff was very helpful. The property was very clean, great location for tourists, Small room but nice sized bathroom. 
3250 Great Boutique Hotel, very clean, spacious, good size bathroom, robe and slippers, flat screen TV. Needed a place to stay while at a seminar near 3rd and 52ND Street, this place is great. Long time employees make this a very comfortable stay. Would stay here again, loved the neighborhood. 
3251 I flew down for the first time to NYC from Toronto with 3 other friends and was very pleased with the service, rooms, breakfast and location of the hotel. They made us feel very comfortable. I would go back! 
3252 Really great service. Comfortable. Had a good time. 
3253 Booked with hotwire, excellent rooms, clean, well serviced, helpful staff, comfortable bed, good location... very little to complain about. In room internet was not wireless and cabled was expensive. 
3254 Good value for money. Rooms slightly on the small side. Clean bathrooms with a fabulous shower. Breakfast is coffee, bagels and toast. Ideal location for getting around. Only downside is noisy air con, however would recommend. 
3255 Very trendy, lively place. loved it - will visit again! The restaurant downstairs is gorgeous just like the hotel. 
3256 Great hotel. We really enjoyed our stay. Very clean and in a great location. 
3257 for a new hotel it was worn.stains on the chair. carpet was worn. breakfast was fair beds where nice 
3258 We really enjoyed our week long stay here. Perfect location for families in the heart of NYC. Consierge service is brilliant to arrange visits and taxi back to airport. Daniel the sheriff on reception was very helpful - you'll know him when you see him! 
3259 Tired, needs a update. But was in a great location. Room was small & cramped, and not alot of hanging space we stayed for 10 nights. Stayed on the 18th floor ..... not much of a view Will not stay there again. Disappointed. 
3260 I have stayed at the Hilton Times Square at least 10 times and have always been pleased. The staff is always helpful and courteous, the Concierge is always willing to give his personal insider information, the room service meals are good and you can't beat the location. 
3261 Good hotel with a very convenient location. I would recommend this hotel for the quality and the reasonable price. 
3262 Great place to stay. You can walk anywhere...especially across the street to Whole Foods and get wonderful, fresh food. Having the in room little kitchen was GREAT. I plan to return often. Staff was very warm, helpful and welcoming. They bend over backwards. It's worth the money. Highly recommend... 
3263 This is a great downtown location. Close to theater district, art institute, lakefront, river, shopping, Grant park , Millenium Park , etc. Price was competitive to other nice hotels. We walked almost everywhere we went. I would definitely stay here again. 
3264 great hotel, brilliant location. Rooms clean and beds extra comfy. We had a king suite on the corner of the building thus 3 huge windows,so had spectacular views of the city and the river. All staff pleasant and very helpful. 
3265 Beware of booking at this hotel. They have an incredibly stringent 72 HOUR cancellation notice, no restaurant in the hotel, and a 4pm check-in, all of which I have never run into at any other hotel. 
3266 The Park Central Hotel was perfect for our vacation. The location and price are both great. The hotel staff was very accommodating and very polite. They allowed us to check in early and arranged our travel back to the airport. I would reccommend this hotel to anyone!! 
3267 fantastic location and wonderful atmosphere with staff that cant do enough to help 
3268 It is awsome place in new york ....... located well center. you will get best rates aswell if you book in advance 
3269 Very clean and well-managed. One of the best free hotel breakfasts we've sen. Reception handled our early check-in beautifully. Convenient (obviosuly) to the theater distrrict. 
3270 Everything about my Pod stay was wonderful. These days all hotel rooms seem small but this was so comfortable, modern, well equipped. The staff and concierge were very friendly and I got a rate of $110! 
3271 Great Hotel in a great location. Very Clean. Very Unique. Great service and and a real comfortable environment. Would highly recommend for business travel. 
3272 Older hotel which was once apartments. Located in West 57th St it is perfectly located for all sight seeing attractions. Times Sq and Central Park both within 2 mins walk. Subway within 1 min walk. Good restuarants/diners nearby. 
3273 Stayed at the property while attending business convention downtown. Very nicely appointed, clean, great service, and friendly staff. Since it is downtown Houston, when walking at night, you must always be aware of your surroundings. Overall, I would definitely stay here again. 
3274 Ideal for 3 subways close by, 10 blocks from Time Square 2 from Central Park, just really a lovely hotel. Only negative side was being woken up by housekeeping at 8 am. Im sure else were they start at 10 am 
3275 Our 4 night stay at the Doubletree was excellent. Very clean hotel, friendly staff. We were on the 41st floor and it was very quiet. The location could not have been any better. We will definatley stay at this hotel again. 
3276 Stayed here for one night with wife and teenage kids. First class room. Hotel is clean and great location. It was a great value for $75 on Priceline. 
3277 Room was rather, shall we say, cozy...but beautifully done! I really loved how friendly everyone was at the front desk. Very jovial and upbeat! Didn't get a chance to try the breakfast, but if it's half as good as the place itself was, I'm sure it was awesome! 
3278 Pros: Nice view of lake Soft beds Great food Nice staff Cons: Old/needs remodeling Weird smell Ice machine didn't work, had to go to 3 other floors to find ice Zip check-in didn't work Long check-in wait $10.95 internet charge Small bathroom 
3279 bon emplacement. bonne table. j'ai sejourne la bas pour affaires y retournerai pour les vacances. aux pieds de time square, staff agreable. 
3280 hotel sin mantenimiento regular atencion,habitaciones comodas limpieza regular esta viejo es un tres estrellas.aire acondicionado algo ruidoso y pagamos caro por una suiteel lobby en reformas,internet te cobran 
3281 Great Location, Nice decor for the hotel's front desk very efficient service 
3282 Bathroom needs to be modernized but room is great size and location. Rooftop bar was great - highly recommend a visit to the roof! 
3283 Annette from Reservation department was very very helpful! Thank you a lot! 
3284 The pool is lovely especially in summer. Great to hang out there. 
3285 What I look for in a hotel room is comfort but I didn't find that here. The Rafaello is quite small and old to me. The service received was great, very friendly staff, but it stops there. 
3286 I really satisfied with the hotel because they offered the best services, comfortable room. 
3287 Checked in late, had some items I needed to store in a refrigerator, but they were all out. Iced things down, refrigerator was brought in next day. Housekeeper moved items into refrigerator, leaving a note she had done so. Great housekeeping service. Beds comfortable, plenty of towels, great location. 
3288 Aria condizionata rumorosissima, posizione spettacolare! 
3289 We had a wonderful stay in NY. Staff was friendly and helpful from the desk staff to the bartender. Rooms were efficientl;y designed with comfy bed. The breakfast was a notch above standard continental fare. Special rates were an incredible deal especially for the location 
3290 Friendly staff and convenient location make the Hotel Blake a great choice for my business travels to Chicago. 
3291 This is a friendly budget hotel close to Penn station. Great staff, clean rooms (more spacious than some I've paid twice as much for) and really close to transport and Empire State Building. I will definitely stay here again. 
3292 My 3 night stay at The Barclay was wonderful. Single room suite on 4th floor was beautifully appointed, quiet and very clean. Staff was friendly and had an umbrella at the ready for my rainy stroll to dinner. Looking forward to my next stay in early 2011. 
3293 Great location, friendly staff, great beds for sleeping, free parking, pool and exercise facilities and a great Irish Pub around the corner! Public transportation is within walking distance and is very, very reasonable for a 3 day pass. What more could you want for the money? 
3294 We stayed three days over a weekend as a family in a Junior Suite on a visit from England and enjoyed every minute of it. The rooms though expensive were not stupidly so given the location and history. We'll be back! 
3295 hotel upgraded me to a deluxe corner room with a view of the empire state building - I hated to leave in the morning. frette linens & robe, marble bathroom, electric kettle with a selection of teas, flat-screen tv, great location. 
3296 I truly enjoyed my stay at the Marriott Chicago Midway. I will highly recommend it to my family, friends, and coworkers. Thanks for the great customer service and pleasant environment. 
3297 If you have a party more than two forget it, rooms in europe are larger... Not even enough room to set your luggage down, cab rides will eat up any value pay the extra money and stay in times square or broadway district 
3298 Melissa , Marjorie and Jennifer have made this stay a joy! The staff is courteous and friendly. Loved the tea party girls! 
3299 I'd highly recommend the Yotel...European in flavor...bright, clean...great breakfast value. Great location, just a 10 minute walk to Times Square. The gym while small had sufficient eqipment for a good workout. 
3300 This 79 room hotel provides excellent value. Very clean & secure. Rooms have TV & coffee maker. The complimentary breakfast, available 7 till 10 was a bonus. Ideal for a short visit as its close to Times Sq. for bus & subway. 
3301 IT IS DISGUSTING, it looked like a place that a hooker would use for the hour. the room was dirty, no remote for tv, no cable, no pictures on the walls, the comforters were thread bare. one lightbulb in the ceiling. it smelled.do not go here!!!!!!! 
3302 The restaurant that feeds the room service menu for this hotel is fantastic! An Italian eatery that has fabulous choices and terrific food at reasonable prices. A surprise and delight! 
3303 Rooms too hot, mice in the first room I was in. Staff gave me wrong info about my room multiple times. Was told I had to move twice and then was told I didn't have to move at all. 
3304 The staff is very helpful. Great location. Comfy beds and pillows. Great restaurant. Hip and trendy. 
3305 el hotel se encuentra bien ubicado, la habitacion esta limpia esta el metro a tres calles, cerca hay restaurantes donde puedes disfrutar de la pizza estilo chicago, esta cerca de la calle State donde hay tiendas 
3306 Good location for Battery park and Financial district. Our room looked straight out onto ground zero. Modern clean hotel with modern comfortable rooms. Our door key failed to work one night and the staff were most helpful. Would stay there again. 
3307 Hotel Mela is a wonderful boutique hotel in Times Square. We were stranded here during the blizzard, but they made our stay so comfortable and pleasant. Will definitely book in the future. 
3308 Pluspunten: Aan de Magnificent Mile, op loopafstand van winkels, restaurants etc; Vriendelijk en behulpzaam personeel; Schoon, netjes en stijlvol. Minpunten: Internet is traag en niet gratis; Prijs/kwaliteit van de kamers; Erg lang wachten op de liften; Prijzig ontbijtbuffet en hotelbar. 
3309 UN HOTEL MUY BIEN SITUADO, LAS PERSONAS AMABLES, TODAS NUESTRAS DUDAS NOS AYUDARON Y LA CIUDAD DE CHICAGO VALE LA PENA CONOCERLA. EN OTRA OPORTUNIDAD REGRESO Y AL MISMO HOTEL,ESTUBIMOS 7 DIAS Y PENSE QUE ERA MUCHO TIEMPO PERO SE NOS FUERON LOS DIAS MUY RAPIDOS. 
3310 Belvedere was a great choice if you are looking for value and convenience. Staff is helpful and rooms are tastefully decorated. Walking distance to R. Center, Times Square and more. Would absol. stay at the Belvedere again! 
3311 Excellent location one block from Times Square. Rooms are tiny, but clean and comfortable. Staff very friendly and helpful. Free breakfast included. 
3312 This hotel is such good value, great location, nice people and will definately use it again some day!! 
3313 |Second time in two years stayed here and very good value. Great location, fabulous staff. Highly recommended, the continental breakfast is also very good way to start the day. 
3314 Dirty sheets. Ac was not working when we got to the room. Staff was not helpful. Couldn't get anyone to answer the phone when calling downstairs. Overall def would not stay here again. 
3315 clean, safe, convenient, affordable, quiet, comfortable, great wi-fi, great breakfast, simple hotel, perfect for sightseeing 
3316 I traveled for a girls weekend and the service was out of this world. Jenna and Jarrod of the Whatever/Whenever team really went above and beyond anyones expectations to make our great trip fabulous. I would highly recommend and can not wait to come back! 
3317 Decent hotel, no major perks, good location. No major plusses or minuses. 
3318 super sucio piso 15 pero bien sucio y muchos chinces, demasiado 
3319 Novotel was great. Great location, safe, large room for NYC! The elevators were quick, staff was helpful, and no complaints here. 
3320 This hotel is a short walk to Central Park. The hotel is conveniently located on 5th and 55th. I've stayed in other St. Regis hotels, but never with butler service. Our room didn't have the best view, but was a decent size considering it's NYC. Everything else was perfect. 
3321 Ubicacion inmejorable, cerca de todo, vida nocturna, Magn Mile, etc comodo, limpio, con tv por cable, con lujos, amplias habitaciones Falencias no hay internet gratis en ningun lugar del hotel (llamativo en un hotel de esta categoria) , sin cafetera, hay frigobar, 
3322 I have stayed here for business several times. The room is heaven (great bathroom, very modern, DVD players with DVDs you can get from the front desk, comfortable bed, plenty of room. 
3323 STRUTTRA NON NUOVA O MODERNA MA ASSOLUTAMENTE CONFORTEVOLE, OTTIMA POSIZIONE, CAMERA SPAZIOSISSIMA, PULITA, PERSONALE CORTESE E COLAZIONE OFFERTA DALL'HOTEL A 4 $ A PERSONA SODDISFACENTE. UNICO NEO LA SALA COLAZIONE E' PICCOLA PER CUI QUALCHE MINUTO IN CODA, IN ATTESA CHE SI LIBERI UN TAVOLO 
3324 Rooms are extremely small, but well functioning, and the hotel is very dark. The ambiance is cool and fun with creative decor and active hotel bars and restaurants. And the location close to Columbus Circle Subway Station is great, because you can go anywhere from there. 
3325 Hotel 31 was much more than I expected for a budget hotel. The rooms are quaint and clean and the hotel has a very New York feel to it. It's within walking distance to some attractions and also close to the subway. It was grand!!! 
3326 I have stayed at this hotel several times and they are always very friendly, and the rooms are very nice. Much more personal than staying at a larger hotel. 
3327 Hotel location fantastic right on Times Square. 37th floor room very clean and spacious. Staff very helpful, but not over friendly -well it is NYC 
3328 Although the location is good for getting downtown, and although there's a great seafood restaurant close by (Goode's) the minimal fitness center was a disappointment. As always the staff is terrific. 
3329 I loved this hotel and will be back. Great atmosphere, friendly and professional staff, and surprisingly large room for such a boutique-style hotel. The free minibar was a nice touch, and I felt that the room had every amenity one could need, and theworkout facility was more than adequate. 
3330 There is nothing terribly wrong with this hotel, but beyond that, it was run-down, not particularly clean, and with small, dank-smelling rooms. The whole place needed some love - furniture was scuffed, upholstery torn, drapes had holes in them, etc. I would not go back. 
3331 Excelente ubicacion, una vista inigualable del lago, facil acceso por transporte publico, el personal es muy atento y siempre se prestan para las necesidades que tengas que resolver, las habitaciones muy bien dotadas 
3332 lovely work at this gorgeous hotel. i found s good service with a perfect stuff work. one lady called Elizabeth was helping us all the time she was very kind and she helped. Thanx Eliz. 
3333 Stayed at The New York Palace Hotel in early January....it is in such a fantastic position, close to good restaurants and the Rockefeller Centre. Only con was the pillows, I think they are feather but are not the most comfortable...everything else is superb, can highly recommend it. 
3334 rooms are cramped... i dont know how other reviewers can claim the rooms are large. the bed was the weakest point---the mattresses are cheap, springy, and motel quality. breakfast was surprisingly good. it is alacarte rather than a buffet. service throughout is excellent. very cheery and personable staff. 
3335 The room was small, the service was slow ... rooms need a lot of renovation ... and BAR was way too exp. 
3336 Excellent value for money, freindly, competent and helful staff, clean and comfortable rooms, quiet street for Manhattan standards, very good breakfast included if you book the NY1 package. Admitted, the bathroom was a bit small and old-fashioned - but all the appliances worked well, no complaints. Would return any time. 
3337 The Room was small but had everything we needed. The Service at the Hotel was excellent. The Doormen are very friendly. The Hotel Bar is also very nice. The Location is fantastic with nice restaurants etc. 
3338 The hotel was conveniently located. The Parking next door was too expensive. The room was a little small but very nice since we were only there for one night 
3339 We would definitely return for a longer stay. Crystal was very pleasant and helpful. Overall our stay was a pleasant experience. 
3340 The hotel is nice, but next to the hotel is a public ground where live bands play almost every other night. So in case you are looking for a quite hotel, this is not the place to be. The facilities in the hotel is nice and staff is friendsly 
3341 Great location. Great bed. Great price. All round great spot. 
3342 Located about one mile south of the Katy Freeway, just south of Memorial on Eldridge parkway this is a new hotel with great weekend rates on priceline. Remember you are close to highway 6 so, you are 15+ miles west of downtown. Safe upscale area. 
3343 Ideal para tres personas.Muy ruidoso. Comodisima la kitchenet 
3344 The room was very modern and comfortable in a great location. The restaurant on the 20th floor has a great view of ground zero and the World Trade Center. Definitely go up there to have a drink and see the city. 
3345 PERFECT location. Stayed here for one night and it was FANTASTIC!!! Very cool modern lobby, rooms were great for two people! LOVED IT!!!! 
3346 Stayed here before the flight home to New York. It's located by several other hotels in a kinda complex. It is close to Giadano's pizza and further down a White Castle. If you arrive from a MID-WAY flight or departing on a flight this is a nice place to stay. 
3347 Good location, good breakfast. Gave us a smoking room when we reserved a non- smoking room. Check in was slow. Hotel could be kept up better. Sheets were dirty. Taking two different elevators was not convenient. 
3348 Stayed here for one night with my husband. Have stayed here several times and its always, always perfect. I love the quiet location with beautiful views of the east river. Staff are friendly and oh so helpful. What a great place to relax and recharge. Can't wait to return. 
3349 Hotel Edison in NYC---Excellent location, redecorated rooms, excellent price for seniors, and wonderfully firm mattresses. The hotel has an excellent staff---doormen. desk clerks, bell captains, concierge, service stall---all pleasant and helpful. We have been staying there for the last 30 years. Try it---You'll like it ! 
3350 Great Hotel with Basic amenities. Great service, great location including free in room Internet -wifi access. Staff helpful and friendly. Better than the New York Millenium Hilton around the corner. 
3351 The hotel is nice. Staff was very friendly and the room was both clean and comfortable. The local is great for anything downtown and the price was good. 
3352 Great location. Walking distance to central park, times square, and more. Several subway stops within several blocks. Rooms are clean nicely updated and roomy for new York. Join the omni membership and get free wifi and more. 
3353 We had a junior suite and an adjoining room. Which worked out for 3 kids and 3 adults. Great rooftop pool, but why charge for it? Good burger joint called the knave. Very convenient that we could rent a stroller, would definitely return for another stay 
3354 Stayed at this hotel for a week last month, and depending on who was on duty, the level of service went from exemplary to mediocre at best. The limited menu, meant I looked for other dining options elsewhere! 
3355 I stayed at the Soho Grand for the first time last week and it was excellent. From the front desk lady to the hotel food, the service and quality were outstanding. I am making this hotel my new home away from home for all my New York visits to come!! 
3356 This was my third trip to the Mayfair, but my first since the remodel. We booked a queen bed and it was glorious! Stayed in 3 other hotels on this trip, and this bed was the best AND the least expensive. Fab location great service will B back! 
3357 si trova in una bella e buona posizione sia per spostarsi coi mezzi pubblici sia per trovare negozi e bar per cibo e colazione.puliti i bagni in comune, ma troppo pochi, facile il rischio di dover stare in coda.buon rapporto qualita/prezzo. 
3358 As a business traveller, i stay at various hotels in new york. I found this one to be very nice when it comes to friendly staff, clean and big rooms. It has onsite dry cleaning, web access(Extra) etc. whatever you ask for. Highly recommend this one. 
3359 Very convient to shopping, food and Medical Center. 
3360 Location is good and price was kinda cheap...reception looked nice. Then found microscopic room with shared toilets and generally poor condition. Although cheap it wasn't that much above hostel or doss house level - but if travelling student you might find it OK. 
3361 Service, surroundings, everything was above and beyond! 
3362 I stayed there for one week. After a long line at ceck in...first room they gave me was not cleaned yet (!) in the second room a couple has just cecked in right before me (!!) third room toilet did not flush (!!!) 
3363 I've been staying at this location for over 20 years. The staff are friendly, courteous, knowledgable, and progfessional. They promptly respond to all of my requests. I've been staying there so long, many of the staff know me by name. General Manager Fidel Caballero is the epitome of professionalism. 
3364 What a great hotel. Beautiful room, excellent facility and attention to detail. Bar is expensive and I did find the walls a tiny bit thin. But the location, room size, tidiness, understated trendy elegance and little touches made this place a destination I hope to return to. 
3365 I would not recommend this hotel. The biggest problem with this hotel is the luke warm "hot" water. Hotel staff would not admit there was a problem. I was shivering while showering. I asked other customers at the hotel if they also had cold showers and they did. 
3366 Everything you expect from a 5 star hotel: excellent location, professional, friendly service, stunning lobby, gorgeous clean room with great view of the park, right next to first class shopping. 
3367 Literally the slowest internet I've experienced in years. I felt as if I was using dial up when I tried to use my laptop in my room. It wouldn't connect all day and when it finally did not a single page would open. Everything else was okay, but not great. 
3368 I stayed here for three nights over a long holiday weekend. First time to New York so I wanted to stay in the Times Square area... Beautiful hotel, clean, friendly helpful staff, and just what I was looking for. 
3369 Developed as condos, these suites are well equiped for a long stay, but perfectly reasonable for a brief visit as well. Nice staff. Grocery store right next door. 
3370 This is a chic stay forever bar. Only thing missing is some tables. You have to eat at the bar or on the couch. The food was excellent and the bar tender from England was top notch. He knew it all - so refreshing. Looking forward to going back. 
3371 Ottima posizione. Semplicemente impeccabile. Ottimo servizio, ottima colazione. Camere da sogno. 
3372 Recently stayed at the Hotel Chandler after reading reviews on TripAdvisor. We found it to be very well located, in the middle of Manhattan (2 blocks from Empire State Bld) and 3 blocks from the Subway. Service was nice. Room very clean. The bathroom did have a small mold issue. 
3373 The Westin is nicely placed, especially for attending Broadway productions. The only negative that comes to mind is the supposedly free internet access for Starwood Card holders but it was so slow most of the time that it was not usable. 
3374 I stayed on dec 24th and the room # is 4040, which is the topmost and cornered one. The view was great great great, and bathroom was large large large. I cannot say luxurious interior but they manage them well enough. Service was good, too. Definitely, thumb up! 
3375 You're paying for the location. The hotel is walking distance from many sights in midtown. The hotel itself is decent. The bed was comfortable but the bathroom was the size of a closet and I saw a dead cockroach on the floor! 
3376 not our first time in the hotel and will come back again and again. hotel is wonderfully located with great service and clean rooms. highly reccomended. 
3377 Lumpy old beds, thin walls, small bathroom, old decor... The location is great and this compensates for their shortcomings, but there are better hotels in the area. 
3378 Beautiful, new, well maintained hotel. All of Westin's best amenities. Located perfectly 1 block away from Time Square. Great friendly staff. My room on the Atrium level had a 42"TV and a Mac computer in it for my use! Loved that!! Loved my stay and wished I could extend it. 
3379 This hotel has very nice decor, comfy beds, great amenities and quite rooms. This is my new spot when I stay in the City! The room we stayed in had 2 beds with an extra room - like a den - that led to the bathroom. 
3380 Great hotel, ideal location and friendly staff. Special mention to Chris M in the downstairs bar who is a fab barman, great fun and introduced us to the Eldertini - uh oh, that might have been dangerous! Chris for employee of the month :P 
3381 I can praise this hotel any higher. From the moment I walked in I felt right at home. The staff were fantastic. The rooms are big and roomy and the beds are to die for. I know my new home now when I return to New York. 
3382 My family and I stayed here recently. The rooms are comfortable, the staff very friendly and the location absolutely perfect. You can walk to a lot of restaurants and attractions and Broadway is around the corner. 
3383 you've all you need for a good price. complimentary internet in room, f.ex. If you have a room in the upper floors, you'll have sun all day (courtyard), view over downtown ... and VERY quiet !!! Nice staff. So: I was never disappointed. Going there since 5 years. 
3384 Very nice hotel in good location and reasonably priced. Nearest hotel to start of Route 66 in Adams Street which is why we picked it. 
3385 We just stayed at this hotel and found it a perfect location for the Theater, restaurants and other attractions. We could walk to anywhere in midtown. The staff was also very friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a place to stay in NYC. 
3386 Very happy with the hotel. Very nice room, nicely furnished, clean and guest friendly. 
3387 Zeer tevreden. Alles perfect. Bij het inchecken moet je wel 225 dollar borg geven- kan met visa betaald worden- die je daarna terugkrijgt. Cotrole bij het binnenkomen van het hotel gaf een veilig gevoel ! 
3388 Nice Junior Suite with two double bed, got a free upgrade. Spacious clean room and great bathrooms. Helpful and kind staff. The rooms are not noisy. The Hotel is close to Grand Central Station and the walking distance to Times Square is approx. 10 - 15 minutes. 
3389 Stayed at the Skyline in April 2004. Nice experience all around. Clean, newly renovated rooms, good service, priced right and nice location close to Times Square. 
3390 I was concerned after reading some of the reviews here, but we found the Park Central to be a great value. You cannot beat this location; We had a huge clean room with a view of the park. Would do it again! 
3391 Confort tres moyen si vous etes habitues a sejourner chez Hilton et courtoisie de base a la reception.... Vicky, concierge, a ete remarquable, souriante et nous a permis de nous sentir bien dans cet hotel. Un grand merci a elle!!! 
3392 Prezzo non popolarissimo ma pttimo x Manatthan. Camera piccola e con vista limitata ma la posizione eccellente non fa notare i difetti. Consigliato a chi bada al sodo, 
3393 choisir une chambre executive c est habiter au 40eme etage avec vue sur central park et la 6 eme avenue c est aussi avoir un pass VIP avec plein d avantages dommage que les techniques de l hotel ne soit pas tres modernes 
3394 Very clean for a moderate priced room. Great location. Very small rooms. It's only a place to to sleep and shower. Very Spartan but functional and convenient. If you must be in NYC and your not rich, this place will do the job nicely. Management and staff really try hard. 
3395 Overall a very good hotel , only small issue , next time would make sure you avoid bedrooms above Marble Lane , especially if you want to get any sleep before 2a.m. , very loud! Other than that no issues to report 
3396 Very helpful staff , good bars / club. 
3397 Hotel is above average but surely not one of the best ones in Chicago area. 
3398 Great Location, friendly staff? Not the best hotel we have stayed in but completely adequate, for everything else. Will probably return 
3399 cmon ppl I don't what all these negative comments are about but I had a great stay 
3400 We have stayed twice at Staybridge and the impeccable service of Andy Mota, Sunny are the best that I have experienced. Nothing is too much trouble for them. Very good service, will return again. 
3401 Spent 8 nights here. The rooms are clean, the bed is really comfortable, the breakfast is good. We would definitely stay there again! 
3402 We had a wonderful stay for the Thanksgiving holiday. Loved that it was small and so conveniently located. Our room was beautiful, quiet and the bed was so comfortable it was hard to leave in the morning. We look forward to staying here again on our next visit! 
3403 Good location good room size but bathrooms are awful this hotel need a major refurb 
3404 Well sized rooms. You dont feel suffocated as in most 3-4 star hotels in Manhattan. Sitauated at the center of the Manhattan so it is walking distance for all sight seeing. Complimentary breakfast, hi speed internet is a boon. 
3405 The room could do with a once over from maintenance, tighten a few screws, fix a few lights etc but overall a very pleasant stay with helpful staff. Elevator is a bit ridiculous. Pre programmed. But over all I certainly would go back 
3406 The Waldorf was fab, great service, lovely room and the location is excellent. Felt like a film star walking about the lobby!! 
3407 Nice price and just a minute to the most tourist place around. Clean room (but small) and very nice staff. Our room to the backyard was silent. Smart reservation by internet for us Swedish folks.. No breakfast...sorry. 
3408 The room was small. The atmosphere was definately not family. The restraunt downstairs was mediocre. The decor was bleh. The customer service was poor. The parking was outrageous ($38). And my GPS had a difficult time finding the hotel.The location was ok, pretty central. I would not stay here again. 
3409 Worst hotel. Room smelt of ciggerates and paint, repair work and maintaince work going on. drilling was heard. Very awful substandard hotel. refused to stay here so checked out the same day. Did not even sleep here. 
3410 I have stayed a few times and found good service on all levels. It is centrally located to many of my business stops. The nearby Beltway 8 toll road can take me anywhere else quickly. The hotel has free parking , free internet and a breakfast you should pay for. 
3411 This hotel was wonderful, great location, great rooms and great staff. The only downside was the revolving restaurant - a tad over priced and over rated. 
3412 Prima ligging. Dichtbij alles. Aangezien wij de excecutive room hadden, hadden we een zeer ruime kamer met mini keuken tot onze beschiking en gratis wifi. Wij hebben vaker in dit hotel gelogeerd omdat de ligging en hotel ons bevalt, maar deze kamer was tot nu toe het best. 
3413 Excellent hotel! Great price, FREE parking, and very clean and quiet. Perfect location to everything. The diner was a good place to have breakfast. I am definitely staying here again! 
3414 This hotel is great for business travel. The rates are good and the staff is very helpful. The Manager Aurelia Gaskin is always ready to help. Check in and checkout is always fast and easy. 
3415 You pay extra for the convenience of the hotel being next to the airport, but the hotel needs a good overhaul. Nothing seemed to work in our room. 
3416 Staff very friendly. Easy access to Penn Station and subway. Great cookies. Convenient international deli and liquor store across the street. If you know and love Hampton - this won't let you down. 
3417 The staff was very courteous & friendly. Rooms were very average & mostly clean. The selling point is the location. Very near lots of restaurants, shops, transportation. Nice bar/lounge in the lobby. 
3418 The Clarion was a great value and had nice sized rooms.The staff was very cordial, and accommadating to our needs. The hotel, though older was clean, and in a great location for visiting our daughter in Murray Hill. 
3419 This hotel makes you feel like home, but more coddled! Staff is very kind and helpful, rooms are neat - all different! - and the breakfast is marvellous! The Eggs Florentine was the best we ever had! I I highly recommend it and will definitely stay there again! 
3420 Jeff was great. I dealt with him when booking the room. He personally wrote a note welcoming me to the hotel. 
3421 Loved this hotel. Rooms were ok sized but the location is everything just off the magnificent mile! Would recommend. 
3422 Great hotel, great service! Big king size bed all to myself, room was very clean and comfortable, would have been plenty big enough for 2 people! Great location for exploring the city. 
3423 We just returned from an overnight in downtown Chicago. This is a terrific place to stay-- quiet, perfect location, comfy mattress, nice workstation and helpful staff. The price was right -- especially for downtown. Just a few steps away from the train station, the el, Michigan Ave. We'll be back! 
3424 Loved the location and room but our Ipod was taken from the room. We were told insurance would cover it but then they denied ever saying that. So we're out an ipod. 
3425 Rather small room as you can expect at this rate in Manhattan, but very good value for the price if you appreciate the location 48 Str - Broadway 
3426 This hotel is so conveniently located. It also has some very nice, though somewhat small, rooms just yards from Broadway. It is quiet and the staff met my every expectation. I highly recommend this hotel. 
3427 This hotel is central to Times Square, neat and clean. The staff were helpful. Close to Broadway shows and the David Letterman Show. A squillion great restaurants within walking distance. We had several faults in our room that were fixed quickly without any fuss. The meals were all reasonably priced. 
3428 We enjoyed our stay, it's a great hotel for a romantic getaway. Would definately recommend the Hotel Sorella and visiting City Centre. 
3429 Overall, experience was fine, but...check in service was inattentive and unhelpful, and rooms had not been cleaned thoroughly. Not worth spg upgrade points, just go a couple thousand more points and stay at the st Regis. And finally, the westin pillows are TERRIBLE. Ridiculous how small and flat they are. 
3430 We were pleasantly surprised! Though the rooms were small, the hotel was very clean and the staff was friendly and helpful. It was good value, especially considering that a modest breakfast was included. We'd stay here again in a second. 
3431 The stay at the Westin was GREAT for our event. The mall is connected to hotel for ease of shopping. As long as I visit Houston 
3432 I will stay at the Westin Galleria. 
3433 Pros? Great location, good size room. Cons? Everything else. Service was lackluster and, at times, rude, way below Hilton standard. Maintenance problems were ignored despite numerous inquires; wake up call didn't happen one morning. Try the Belvedere Hotel around the corner instead. 
3434 Great hotel, helpful staff, decent rate and NO BUGS...what more do you need in NYC? 
3435 close to Central Park, within walking distance of Times Square, beds were comfortable 
3436 Spent a lovely week in the Hotel Wales during Thanksgiving Week '06. Hotel is clean, in a beautiful location and the staff attended to our every need. We will definately be staying there again the next time we are in NYC! 
3437 We came to Houston so my husband could go into the Methodist Hospital for a surgical procedure. The Clerk at check in gave us an even better Hospital discount. They are the nicest people. The breakfast area is very clean ant the pool is great. An all around great hotel. 
3438 great location 2min off times sq try the desire feature-you chose off a menu a couple of things you want present when you arrive free of charge hassle free checkin /checkout room was big and colorful will definately be back 
3439 Good sized rooms with really comfortable beds (deep mattress toppers!). Very clean and excellent service from all staff. The hotel's restaurant has very good food but lacks any ambience. 
3440 impressive location and accomdating, associates were pleasant. and service was examplary to my liking. internet access was quick and notablely encouraging. i will recommend the place for all my friends. 
3441 I really loved the place. Its very near of main atractions, situated in a street known as Restaurant Row. Great rooms, great queen size bed in our room, very very clean. The staff is the most charming and helpful I've ever found in a hotel. Just want to go back! 
3442 Stayed here and attended a conference in February 2012. The hotel is good for business meetings. The room was reasonably large. There is not much to do in the Greenspoint area. I have heard that the Greenspoint mall is not very safe. 
3443 great location, very clean room, large and comfortable bed. Thanks to the manager Lowell, we really enjoyed our 5 nights stay. 
3444 The hotel room was great. Checking in with Sara, however, was certainly not. You would think that a place like this could afford to pay a more courteous staff! We will stay elsewhere next time we are in Chicago. 
3445 You won't do much better than this in Manhattan - big rooms, super clean, great breakfast and extremely pleasant staff. 
3446 We had two rooms: one with 2 queen beds and one with 2 twins. Clean, quiet and comfortable. Staff was friendly and ready to assist in any way. 
3447 This hotel was sooo much better than the other hotels I stayed at in New York. They were very helpful in everything from planning places to go storing my luggage. 
3448 We loved this hotel for many reasons: very close to HOU airport, amazingly friendly reception (thanks, Paula!), huge rooms (loved the dividing wall between bedroom and living area, great for families where not everyone goes to sleep at the same time!), comfy beds, etc. We would definitely stay here again! 
3449 Located not to far away from Grand Central, this is a nice location. The hotel is ok for business, but we paid 320 per night. Ok room. my collegues were not too happy with their rooms. 
3450 Great location, nice two room suite with good facilities. Helpful staff, very basic continental breakfast 
3451 I love this hotel. The location is perfect. The upgraded rooms are sublime. And I love, love, love the scent of the rooms. I stay here often and the staff always remembers me. Perfect! 
3452 The hotel is located close to Madison Square Garden and within walking distance to the Empire State Building, Times Square, and other attractions. A hot breakfast is provided daily. Free cable and WiFi connection is also available. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Manhattan. 
3453 Very friendly staff, unique lobby and bar area, block from Broadway and Time Square. But, oh my can the rooms in NYC possibly get smaller than these, I hope not, it was hard to turn around in the room. I had to walk in forward and back out. 
3454 Just in the city for one night to celebrate my birthday, had a blast and the hotel was perfect.It was close enough to everything we wanted to see and do. Very clean,quiet and friendly and very reasonably priced. 
3455 Great hotel thou the Hilton time sq seemed to had better staff, but saying that the Marriott was so huge! Rooms were clean and we had an amazing view from the 36 floor Loved the elevators.. Great fun loved New York 
3456 It is in a really convenient location. Walking distance from the time square.The staffs were very friendly too. Not a lot of space in the room. The bathroom was not very clean. This hotel is only good for one or two night stay to visit NYC and time square. 
3457 The hotel is right off the highway, but we couldn't hear that in our room. It might have been covered by the loud AC. The room was large and the bed was comfy. The front desk service was good. 
3458 Lobby great Staff helpful Rooms old and outdated 
3459 My family enjoyed the Drury Inn very much! They loved the Hot Breakfast and breakfast bar. My wife loved the free long distance and happy hour. The location was perfect for our short trips to Moody Gardens, NASA, Six Flags and Minute Maid Park. We all love this hotel! 
3460 Decent quality/price ratio. Small very basic room with basically no proper window, but clean. Big problem the air conditioning. It's just too noisy to keep it on during the night. Not a big issue until temperatures raise too much in july-august... 
3461 Great location, quiet street, friendly and knowledgable staff. Room spacious compared to other hotels I've stayed in past. Clean and modern. Would definitely stay here again. Close to subways. Easy walking distance to union square, soho, little Italy. 
3462 Gelegen tussen 5th en 6th Avenue, om de hoek van het Empire Statebuilding, is dit een prima uitvalsbasis voor een korte vakantie in New York. Met een Subway station op de hoek (koop een weekkaart!) bwen je binnen 20 minuten overal op Manhattan...aanradertje, ik kom er al sinds 1996! 
3463 l'albergo si trova veramente vicino al centro nevralgico della citta'. Pulizia buona , quartiere sicuro,personale attivo ed attento, presente in gran numero. Unico vero problema il rumore assurdo dell'impianto di aria condizionata esterno. Comunque consigliato per soggiorni nella big apple. 
3464 my husband booked this hotel and im surprised to be satisfied ... location , friendly staff , for our budget and time we needed it was great .... we even got an upgrade so ill just my kids to stay there next month... 
3465 The rooms are small, but in NYC you have to expect it. Its in Tribeca, so only about a 30 minute walk to Midtown. 
3466 The hotel is very closed to Time Squares.... The room is colorful, i loved it. Hope we can visit again.... 
3467 Hotel situato in posizione estremamente strategica, a due passi dalla maggior parte dei luoghi di interesse. Camere non lussuose ed eleganti ma spaziose e pulite. Ottima sistemazione per una vacanza con la famiglia. Colazione a buffet ad un prezzo aggiuntivo onesto. 
3468 Bedroom was ultra-modern and a gadget geek's dream. The beds and sheets were super-comfortable. Service was helpful. Check-in was smooth and staff replenished the mini-bar daily. Foot bath didn't work but the rain shower more than made up for it. Overall a pleasant experience. Would definitely recommend. 
3469 This hotel was the perfect fit for our girls weekend in Chicago. It was a great price. It was clean, and the customer service was great. There is nothing fancy about the hotel, but it met our needs and is in a great location. I would stay here again. 
3470 Big and soulless - but in an excellent location. Spent too much time waiting for elevators - some of which were not working. Rooms were good and kept in immaculate condition by friendly and attentive staff. Breakfast is a frenzy - not relaxing and ludicrously expensive. 
3471 This hotel has a great location, very close to Central Park, near Columbus Circle, the staff is very nice and the restaurant i very good too. But, the room was very small. I do recomend this hotel. 
3472 Great hotel, fantastic location, helpful and friendly staff, modern rooms--a fantastic spot for a stay in NYC. I will definitely stay there again if I get the chance, and will recommend it to friends visiting the city. 
3473 We had a wonderful stay! The Towers is a very special place to stay in NYC! 
3474 Very clean, central location and lovely staff ...great time :) 
3475 Spent fifteen nights here and had no problems at all. Staff are friendly and helpful, our room was spacious and had a great view of the Empire State Building. We would stay here again. 
3476 good situated Hotel near to central park and broadway. modern designed rooms - even very small. very nice outyard. We missed the which not excistet. 
3477 I had a very nice stay at the hotel. The room and service were exceptional. The staff are all very pleasant and helpful. The hotel is well maintained, clean and comfortable. I will certainly be back and I recommend to others. 
3478 My second visit to NYC... just love the place.. better still this time as the hotel was better compared to my last stay.. Staff, very helpful.. quiet room... bed.. very comfortable.. will come back again.. 
3479 I have stayed at The Muse in June and October 2010 and both stays were amazing. The service is attentive. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. The location couldn't be better; just a 2 minute walk to Times Square. Strongly recommended. 
3480 abbiamo trovato quello che ci aspettavamo, camera grande e spaziosa, ottima vista sulla 49a al piano alto, gentili, disponibili. preciso il servizio di transert per il jfk dall'hotel. certo avrebbe bisogno di qualche aggiusto ma la vita era fuori non nell'albergo...quindi...buon viaggio 
3481 Top hotel. Just stayed there 1/20/2012. Very clean, excellent location ( saw rock of ages ). Staff extremely friendly and helpful. Rooms beautiful. $200 bucks a night an excellent value this close to Times Square and such a beautiful hotel. Highly reccommend. 
3482 Close to Times Square and all the attractions. Clean rooms and good service. Price was regular. I forgot a suit pant and they sent me fast to Florida. The bed was very confortable. Close to main train stations. 
3483 Das Hotel Dubeltree hat uns sehr gut gefallen. Die Zimmer sind gross und alles war sehr sauber. Auch das Frhuestueck war reichhaltig. Mit warmen und kalten Speisen. Hatten noch nie, gratis ein so grosses Frhuestuecksbuffet in den USA. Die Lage des Hotels war auch sehr zentral. 
3484 Location top, service top, - with history in the walls. Beds very good. For the price we paid it was a good value. 
3485 the place is small and cramped, but you're in the city and getting around is fantastic. the subway is 2 blocks away. Central Park is across the street - and there's a ton of little restaurants just down the street in a 5-7 min walk. 
3486 Very courteous staff. Always smiling. 16th floor balcony was phenomenal. 
3487 This hotel won't blow you away with amenities, but for the price, it is excellent. Very comfortable and quiet. I stayed here on a few occasions for multiple weeks at a time will my wife and son while working in the area. 
3488 Just what we wanted, good clean accommodation, right in the centre, friendly and helpful staff - no frills, good value for money. Ticked all the boxes 
3489 Nice location (close to central park and the metro colombus circle), very nice and big room and good american breakfast. 
3490 Stayed for three nights on business. Hotel is excellent, staff very friendly and price a litle bit higher than some but was worth it. Plenty of food places around and times square few blocks away. Would love to go back!!!! 
3491 We stayed her just one night with the kids but had an excellent time. The check in was quick, they granted our request for a top floor room with park view and it was much larger than expected and quite nice for the price. Breakfast was good as well. 
3492 The rooms are small but the location more then makes up for it. Tic Tok food was just okay, and staff of course rude. 
3493 Fantastic location, 2 streets from central park, a 10-15 walk to Times Square/Rockefella Centre and bang in the middle of two subway lines serving lower Manhatten. Rooms are spacious and well equipt and service was great. For the price you can't ask for more. 
3494 This hotel is a great value in Manhattan.Great location,very clean,quiet.Would definitely stay here again and will recommend to friends and family 
3495 The place was great....I travel a lot for business... and this is one of my preferred places to stay...the beds are very confortable...love it..!! 
3496 Right off Times Square and near a subway station. Room had plenty of space. Comfortable bed. Shower could've used a bit more water pressure, but otherwise a pleasant stay. Staff was very helpful. Room service quick and very good food. 
3497 We were in town for 3 concerts at Carnegie Hall, so this hotel was an ideal location. Very friendly, nice bar, beautiful room, great exercise facility. 
3498 To get straight to the point it was the smallest room I have ever seen, let alone pay for! My boyfriend and I didn't even have any floor space to place our overnight bag. DEFINITELY NOT WORTH THE PRICE! 
3499 Not a bad hotel for business travelers. Very close to airport and not too far from a wide range of 'chain' restaurants. The beds are the most comfortable I believe I have ever slept on at a hotel. 
3500 Hotel was awesome had a king suite. The bell hops were great gave us great advice on directions around Chicago and places to eat and shop. 
3501 Camera ampia,pulita.Silenziosissima, nonostante le finestre rivolte sulla strada e quindi su Times Square.In posizione strategica, a due passi a Broadway, a Times Square. Poco distante dall'5th avenue e da Central Park. Di sera, zona ben illuminata. 
3502 2 blocks for Art Institute and MP and Michigan Ave. Classic hotel lobby with gold ornate fixtures, but the interior rooms could use updating. Was clean and well kept up but what you miss in new room updates you receive in location. Parking is much more economically priced under MP. 
3503 Well kept, large corner room on 32 floor is the way to go. Super clean, great staff, best location 
3504 Expensive parking, but this is NYC. Surprisingly quiet for big city. Great bed and super large fluffy towels. Not your average highway motel. 
3505 My fiance and I had the worst experience at this hotel. The service was apalling and the room was not even close to as depicted on all the adverts. My fiance ended up with bug bites. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. 
3506 Best time of the year to stay here...Christmas time! Service is excellent! 
3507 Two blocks from Times Square, small sef-catering apartment, really nice. Certainly recommended if you'd rather cook your own food than stay in a traditional hotel. 
3508 The staff at this hotel was fantastic. Very helpful, happy, eager to please in any way which made our stay wonderful. 
3509 Great location. Three subway stations within a block, family restaurants nearby and across the street from Carnegie Hall. Clean and affordable. We stayed four days with wife and two teenagers and we all liked it. 
3510 I enjoyed my 2day stay here until I saw they overcharged me after a Pre paid for my room. Be careful when checking in cuz they may pull one over your eyes. Other then that the rooms were cool and I liked how the windows open for fresh air. 
3511 very nice hotel, quiet, clean, updated rooms with great A/C. The price is good as well, especially for the location - 50th and Lex. Enjoy! However, you may want to skip the free breakfast - too many other choices in NYC. 
3512 Das Hotal war sauber und ordentlich. Das Personal serh unfreunldlich. Aber wenn man in New York ist, braucht man das Zimmer nur zum schalfen :) 
3513 This is a nice boutique hotel on the Upper West Side. It's a pretty good price for New York but don't expect any bells or whistles. 
3514 The staff at the double tree are welcoming and very helpful from check in to check out. Finding band-aids, getting extra blankets, and easy baggage storage on our last day. Room was great worked out with kids in tow. All in all a great stay. 
3515 We have nothing to complain about. Roomy room decorated in an american taste that is not correspondent with our own but I guess carpets are found in every NY hotel. 
3516 Brian couldn't have been more helpful and courteous in getting me a cab right away. Service with a smile! 
3517 ruime kamers, geluidsarm en schoon; behulpzaam personeel. Bar met uizicht op een geweldige skyline; prima binnenzwembad en ligging uiterst gunstig. Goed en goedgeprijsd eigen restaurant met zowel kleinen als grotere gerechten. 
3518 The room was very small - average for Japan standards - but clean and neat. Interesting touch with the fill-it-yourself water bottles at the end of the hallway. Reasonable restaurant and common area. OK for business; lobby area has some quiet space for phone calls. 
3519 Louise Rechlis has to be the best reservation agent ever. Always smiling and ready to help. 
3520 This is a massive hotel right downtown - it has a famous steakhouse in the lobby, nice bar, and remodeled gym. It's a bit pricy but its really big. You'll be fine o stay here or hold a huge conference. 
3521 Stayed here for over a week on. Works visit. Room was pretty standard but clean anne well maintained. Service from mar and breakfast staff was goode. Rooms would benefit by having a fridge in the room. Otherwise, all fine and reasonable value fr money. Thanks. 
3522 Small rooms dirty toilet not good smells.they don't clean it very well or the room it's dirty Only good thing is they put lovely sheets on the bed. Its a very noisy hotel as well we will never stay here again. 
3523 Very nicely located in NYC. Lobby was small and could have offered more general NYC materials of interest. 
3524 Great weekend stay. Was given a very clean spacious corner room with great view of downtown and lake. Urszula and Simon at the front desk were outstanding. Stop by bar at Michael Jordan Steakhouse - best burger I ever had! 
3525 We had a nice window view of the park and out in the distance we could see a view of the water. It is a nice classy place to stay and you can walk the downtown area very well! 
3526 We got a great deal for New Years Eve night. Rooms are clean and comfortable. Staff is friendly. Morning Continental breakfast was nice and affordable. 
3527 Staff very friendly. Hotel clean but double beds were very, very soft and uncomfortable. 
3528 Not clean. Staff unattentive. Rooms are small. Will not stay here again. Will not recommend. 
3529 The Houston Magnolia was a welcome relief from the corporate hotel chains. Everything you need for business or pleasure and a staff with a "can do" attitude. Rooms are clean, spacious and bright. The bath area is also spacious with separate shower and jacuzzi tub. 
3530 This hotel is clean and accomodating. I did not expect much for the price but was pleasantly surprised. I will stay here again if Im in the area. I reccomend this hotel if you are on a budget and are looking for a clean friendly place to stay. 
3531 "Peter" from Concierge was extremely helpful and went above and beyond when helping to assist my boss! Always a plus when you have a beautiful establishment and a courteous and friendly staff to match! Thanks so much for all of your help :) -Melissa C (Chicago) 
3532 Always enjoy the Hilton brand. Nice hotel in a great location. Restaurant row is just around the corner as well as the theater district. Very clean and great customer service. 
3533 I telephoned today to inquire on this place and the gentleman explained that is has been converted to apartments that require a 1yr lease. 
3534 This hotel has hotel amenities with MOTEL rooms. It is dated and dirty. I would strongly recommend staying at the sheraton at brookhollow near by. While the staff was fairly nice..this hotel was over priced and dirty. 
3535 I visited NYC last year and we stayed here for a few nights. Nice place, good location and fairly quiet. The concierge service was excellent as they offered great insight to restaurants and sightseeing. 
3536 Very nice property in the heart of Soho. the staff is very knowledgeable and friendly. We will definitely return. 
3537 Our Stay in the Belvedere from Dec.23,-03-Jan.02,04 was great. We had a nice room in the 12th floor. The staff was very helpful and friendly. We are from Germany and were in some hotels in NYC but the Belvedere will be our next choice. 
3538 Super spot, clean rooms, nice breakfast, great rooftop bar. 
3539 Spent 5 nights there recently on vacation. It's a good value. Clean, convenient and a friendly helpful staff left a positive impression. We would gladly return. The(free)continental breakfast could use some improvement, but the Blake overall takes good care of their guests. 
3540 First time at the Eventi...excellent...great bathroom...bed was really comfortable ...rooms small but average for NYC..good location ...a little north of actual Chelsea....great staff ..would definitely return here. 
3541 Had a great stay at the Residence Inn. The breakfast was excellent and the front desk staff was super friendly and helpful. Will stay there again when we visit Houston. 
3542 I stay here every year for our shareholders meeting. It's a nice hotel and the rooms are large by NYC standards. 
3543 Stayed 3 nights and couldn't fault anything. Great room with kitchen area and view of Empire State. Friendly, helpful and courteous staff. Excellent mid-town location and very good value for money. Would definitely stay here again. 
3544 This hotel is very nice but very modern. If you are looking for comfy, cozy this is not the place for you. The rooms are very nice and spacious and everything is very clean. 
3545 Great hotel and staff. Very nice and clean rooms with great supersized beds and luxury bathrooms. The location its faboulous with everyting "around the corner". I would definitively stay here whenewer i go back to NYC! // Swedish Guy. 
3546 Thanks Nathalie for your great service. Rooms are super tiny and a little hard to maneuver, especially for a business trip, but the service is above average for NYC. 
3547 Great hotel, perfect location, fabulous beds and pillows! 
3548 Great service, very clean and I am picky--I would highly recommend--everyone was very nice--- 
3549 Go to the Four seasons in downtown Houston on a birthday occasion and let them take care of you. You will be impressed. The service was outstanding from the valet to the front desk to the driver that took us to dinner. The weekend experience was top shelf.Thanks Four Season 
3550 The room was nice,cozy and clean.The bathroom great and clean.The hotel is very nice an modern looking.I will stay at this hotel in the future. 
3551 lobby (if thats what you wanna call it) smells, halls smell, rooms smell. definately not worth the money. stay at hotel qt if you wanna go cheap. 
3552 Stayed at the Novotel at the enf of February. The location was excellent, the view from my 27th floor room was amazing. The front desk and concierge were very helpful. I would definitely stay here again, the rooms were a very generous size, particularly for New york. 
3553 Get away from the Times Square tired chains and go a couple blocks west to the Yotel for an unforgettable stay! Clean, crisp and hip. The service and amenities is first rate! 
3554 Close to Columbus Circle, the localization is pretty good and the hotel looks really nice, with fair rates. 
3555 Hotel was okay - location good - staff uncaring and inattentive 
3556 This hotel was great! Spaceous, Clean, and the service was execellent. I got it on priceline for $100 a night, so it was well worth the cost. 
3557 Stayed there for 6 days at the end of May 2009. Pleasantly surprised at the high standard of the rooms. The Hotel has recently been refurbished. Good location, 5 mins to Grand Central Terminal. 
3558 Do not stay here. The service stinks and they don't care. We were there for one night- the tv did not work and they could not have cared less. The front desk was rude to my wife. This place is terrible = do not stay here. 
3559 Stayed for a long weekend with my family. We had two rooms. Service was good. Did not use many of the services -- restaurant, spa or business center -- but it was a nice hotel with pretty good service. Really close to subway, restaurants, shopping. 
3560 First trip to NYC in years. This hotel made the trip. Very good value. Excellent location with good transport links. Free wifi. Will def stay here again. 
3561 Just stayed one night, but had an excellent experience. Paid $98 for a suite that was nearly 600sf. Our room was attractive, very large, spotlessly clean and nice and quiet. It included a full kitchen, dining area, living area, queen bed and large dressing/bathing area as well. 
3562 Stayed at the Omni for the US OPEN tennis tournament. Very comfortable, spacious rooms (for NYC) excellent service,location etc. Clean, comfortable beds. Would recommend and stay there again for sure! 
3563 I loved staying here, the staff are so so friendly, it has everything you could possibly need, great location, staff, rooms are emaculate! I strongly recommend it! 
3564 First time stay, employees very polite and helpful. Room was very clean, nice bed with great pillows. The best pillows I have ever had in any hotel room. Continental breakfast was filling, everything fresh with a nice selection of food and beverages. I'll be back! 
3565 Nice hotel. Ten minutes walking distance from city core. Nice pool for kids. Cheap parking around the corner on wabash ave ($18/day). Staff, though, didn't appear to be very knowledgable. 
3566 Beautiful hotel, the staff was great always making you feel welcomed, very friendly. The rooms are a bit small but very well distributed and very tastefully decorated. Location, location,location! Love this place for sure we are coming back!!! 
3567 Amazing stay in New York. Hotel was perfect. Service was excellent. Could not fault anything! Can't wait to return. :) 
3568 Three of us stayed here for a long weekend - from the welcoming checkin to the final checkout, everything was top notch. Conveniently located one block from the subway, very reasonably priced. Good restaurants nearby. 
3569 Found a nest of bed bugs in room. Hotel reaction was quick, they moved my room and cleaned clothes, but it was a disgusting experience. 
3570 Adequate , NYC is v ery expensive for hotel relative to Europe. V Good but bring the Kruggerlands ! Peter 
3571 Really nice hotel, perfect location, very friendly staff especially Elizabeth who helped us to solve all our problems. Fitness room is great and works nearly 24 hours. Room was very clean and a comfortable bed. 
3572 Great room great beds great Food service was great friendly people helpful management beautiful inside and out an perfect location for any city stayer 
3573 I read that some people were not happy with their room, for us it was just GREAT. 11th floor: nice view and a good size for a "regular queen" bedroom size. Tiny bathroom but with bathtub so ... 
3574 We recently stayed at the Staybridge Suites in Times Square for a brief interlude in December. Everything was excellent, most especially the staff and overall service. Great location for tourists too 
3575 Rooms basic. Need updating. Old TV's. The sink in my room was in the bedroom. Heating/cooling system was noisy. Room service food was ok, not great. The garage very grungy. When I was checking in someone was complaining about filthy sheets and glasses in their room. Internet costs $12.95/day 
3576 I usually stay here when I am in Chicago for business. The rooms are small but comfortable and clean. The bathroom is a extremely small but updated. This hotel is in a great location, walking distance to the magnificent mile. Great value for the location. 
3577 Montse (34), Barcelona Location is the best the hotel has, apart from that, rooms (we were staying in the 17th floor) were very dark and dull. I forgot my favourite pyjamas under the pillow, and has never been found!! That added a black note in my holidays. 
3578 Uiteraard een beroemd hotel waar de President van de Verenigde Staten regelmatig aanwezig is bij recepties. Genoten van de oude (vergane) glorie. Alles is OK in het hotel. Heeft twee handige uitgangen of entrees. Dichtbij de Subway 
3579 Clean, functional, right in the middle of the Village. Other than that, nothing memorable. Price was decent ($225) for small hotel in NYC at this time. 
3580 The Washington Square is convenient to everything, whether its walking to Soho, or a quick cab or subway uptown. The rooms are small, but if you want a reliably clean, air conditioned quiet room with a good shower, and super friendly people, you won't be disappointed 
3581 l'hotel est bien place mais trop trop bruyant.Aucune insonorisation avec le monde exterieur (bruit de la ville avec les voitures, le ramassage des poubelles....). Literie trop molle mais surtout trop petit pour un standard americain (lit 140 cm). 
3582 Such a cute hotel with artdeco pizzaz!! The staff was friendly and helpful and the rooms were clean, small, but cute! Location was good and the checkout baggage machine in the downstairs lobby was so modern n cool! Great hotel! 
3583 Excellent hotel right in theater district offering excellent amenities. Breakfast croissants should have been warm. Espresso, tea and lattes very good 
3584 Nothing was too much trouble for the staff during our stay. All the staff were very friendly. I had problems pre-booking our boarding cards for our flight home, but one of the receptionists kindly completed the transaction on my behalf. Well done to the management and staff. 
3585 Stayed here only one night. Really nice hotel, cheap prices. 
3586 We stayed of Easter week A block away from empire building a block from subway a mile from Time sq walk or took subway never felt unsafe in any of the areas that we went out side doesn't look the best but nice inside 
3587 Buonissima la posizione a due passi dall'Empire State Building, ma le camere sono molto antiquate, come un po' tutto l'hotel...i fan-coil (aria condizionata) avranno avuto 200 anni ed erano rumorosissimi 
3588 The Courtyard by Marriot at Times Square South was excellent. The room was clean, ready on time, and the wait staff was very attentive. Only drawback was the room was slightly small. 
3589 - Enjoyed the spacious living room! - Free wifi - tv in every bedroom plus an additional one in the living room - fully equipped kitchen - friendly and helpful front desk 
3590 This is a lovely hotel, cosy and clean and stylish. Our room was great and the little hotel bar was a good place to relax. Thank you very much for a great stay! 
3591 The Strand is a good hotel for a reasonable price. Rooms are nice although a bit small. The breakfast is average. Not a lot of choice. 
3592 She very polite she was always on point with all my needs in the hotel i would love to come back and bring more friends. Everyone was very sweet but Catherine stands out the most in the group. 
3593 went for a break with my partner,the place was lovely and the staff a great help and very friendly 
3594 Fantastic hotel, fantastic location close to the subway station and Columbus Circle. No restaurant but the cafe downstairs is great value for money. Rooms were spacious and clean with a small kitchen great for making breakfast. The area is more residential so felt safe outside at night. 
3595 The hotel was nice, clean, and the bar was good. The guest relations manager Simone Boxhill was WONDERFUL! She really made our trip. I strongly suggest staying here! 
3596 Loved this hotel, great view from the pool on the roof, and looked like the fitness centre was well looked after. Breakfast was amazing, good location with good views looking over Navy Pier. 
3597 Prima hotel, ligging is perfect. Door de kitchenette te gebruiken bespaar je aardig wat tijdens je verblijf en krijg je meer rust. Ideale supermarkt aan de overkant van de straat. Metrostation, Central Park en Hudson river op loopafstand. Kortom, mochten wij ooit teruggaan dan verblijven we hier zeker weer. 
3598 maybee free coffee in lobby in am. but the staff is great, they go out of there way to make sure you are comfortable. and a great location for what i need, leon s 
3599 Couldn't ask for a better location for the price. Great neighborhood to explore and the subway is literally right out of the door. Reception was friendly and the room was clean. Honestly for New York, this place is a hidden gem. 
3600 on my second trip to NYC, was pleasantly surprised at the friendliness and professionalism demonstrated by entire staff at this property. Was convenient to everything we wanted to see, and did not have much "riff raff" in the area that we had to put up with. Highly recommended!! 
3601 El hotel esta al lado del Empire, muy bien situado. Las habitaciones son modestas, pero confortables. El personal es muy amable. Lo recomiendo para todo el mundo. 
3602 We love the hotel mela, the rooms are a little bit small but they are very comfortable. A great hotel in the middle of Times Square. We went at this hotel 4 times and it's sure that it was not the last time. 
3603 This hotel was a pleasant surprise. The new room are small but very clean. The location is two blocks from Times square. the only problem we had was trying to control the heat. The location was quiet at night. 
3604 Not a great experience. Fleas infested the first floor. They messed up the reservation and tried to kick us out a day early. Charged us the wrong amount when we departed 
3605 Very nice service and we can from there to go any corner fro the city... that ist not a super hotel but the people and attention cool 
3606 A really comfortable and clean room with plenty of space? This hotel is well located only one block from the shops in 5th Avenue, half a block to the open top bus tours stop, a few minutes from central park and from Time Square. Excellent breakfast. Would stay again. 
3607 Great rates and excellent service, the staff went above and beyond to make sure our stay was wonderful. 
3608 The rooms are small but have everything you need. I also had an aircon unit outside my window which did not help. The location is fantastic and they also have beautiful little terrace behind reception as well as the most stunning bar/cocktail/sunbathing terrace on the 15th floor with amazing views. 
3609 PLUSES - Excellent beds (saved my back and my stay) - Location (near Grand Central, 5th Avenue and Times Square) -Nice, new televisions -Charming, old lobby MINUSES - It's an old building with loose handles, unclosable windows/doors etc. -No coffee makers/kettle or minibar/fridge -Bar prices HIGH! 
3610 Great location; easily accessed from the Lincoln Tunnel. Easy valet service. Rooms on the small side, but good value. GREAT water pressure. 
3611 Uitstekend hotel, prettige restaurant. Relatief grote kamers met goede bedden (en 4 soorten kussens: voor ieder wat wils). Prima roomservice, snel. Snel inchecken/uitchecken. Locatie: uitstekend. Metrostation om de hoek. Aanrader! 
3612 I love this hotel. 
3613 L'hotel est dans un etat limite par manque d'entretien. Les chambres ne sont disponibles qu'a partir de 15h00. La chambre etait propre mais il n'y avait pas de draps sur le lit, juste un couvre-lit. Les chambres ne sont pas bien insonorisees et on entend les bruits de la circulation. 
3614 Nice place, clean. But our room was very small and tight. Would probably not stay here again unless there is a great rate. Elevators are small and slow too. 
3615 Fun place to stay...close to Broadway theaters and Restaurant Row. Right beside TKTS sales in Times Sq. Rooms were small but more interesting than traditional decor. Concierge was a great help. 
3616 The staff seemed resentful of the fact they had guests to work with... The extra bed was terrible and we couldn't get any help to sort it. Two very dissapointed children just wanted to go home. 
3617 Finish what I started. I really enjoyed staying at Crestwood Suites. The staff was excellent , rooms wonderful it was all around great. 
3618 The hotel is very good located with a beautif view on Times Square. The room was very nice and staff very friendly. 
3619 Airport shuttle was good. Room was as advertised. Pictures were identical to room. Clean, comfortable beds and room. 
3620 The Hyatt McCormick is in perfect location to McCormick Place convention center. But if you need anything downtown prepare for a cab ride. Rooms were clean, Staff was very friendly and helpful. This is my favorite Hyatt. 
3621 Value for money, it was definitely my best choice in NY in all my trips there. Rooms are small but enough for a couple. It's NY, you can't expect much more space. Staff is friendly. Subway just round the corner and Soho restaurants and bars 5 min walking. 
3622 We spent Friday and Saturday night at CQ Chicago and it was great. Terrific location and wonderful service from a very helpful staff. Valet parking is only $33 and they are prompt to retrieve your car. As mentioned in other reviews, the rooms are quite small but clean and efficient. 
3623 The service was excellent. A+! Jason at the front desk was wonderful. Very courteous and accommodating. Having a wonderful room with a view of Central Park was certainly an added bonus, plus I felt like I was sleeping on a cloud. I plan on staying here every time I visit. 
3624 The staff was very welcoming and hospitable. They were able to accomodate to our every need. Also it's in a prime location. Close to the action of the city with none of the noise from it. The desk clerk Richard was particularly helpful and kind 
3625 Good location on the N Michigan close to shops and restaurants. Older hotel that could use some renovation. 
3626 Great view, very nice and well design room, small but very good planned. Great staff, very much helpful, good recommendations. We had great stay!! 
3627 Good location, excellent and friendly staff, amaizing view from room and lobby, but rooms could be served and cleaned more carefully. 
3628 Great hotel for the price. Rooms were small but clean and adequate. Nice, quiet residential neighborhood but still within blocks of restaurants and Central Park. Staff was friendly and helpful. Would stay there again. 
3629 Overall my recent stay at the Wyndham was a pleasant experience, the location suits my professional vendor visits and meetings 
3630 Do not go by the brand name.. they are worse than a service apartment/hostel or dormitory..The room was toooooo small.. It was a horrible experience.. Not a value for money deal.. Should not be even the last choice of hotel to stay 
3631 Our visit to the Four Seasons was very nice, but less than we expected. While it's a lovely property (regal lobby; spacious, well-appointed rooms), and well located, the service was not consistent with their properties elsewhere....in say, Maui or Whistler. Disappointing.... 
3632 What a joy to stay where the staff are great and extremely helpful. Rooms are very good and the location is right where you can access everything new York has to offer. Thankyou for making my first trip to NY so great. C 
3633 Hotel tres bien place (proche ligne Metro), meme si nous avions vue sur un mur. Nous etions au 5eme etage, et nous entendions le metro, sinon rien a dire sur la proprete de l'hotel et l'accueil. Nous avons meme eu notre chambre en avance. 
3634 In love with Madison Avenue! The hotel is very beautiful, and my room was just gorgeous. It is expensive, but NY is not cheap. Service is quick and very professional. 
3635 stayed here in march 2012. had a fantastic trip to chicago and this hotel was in a perfect location. the rooms are basic but for me its just somewhere to sleep and shower. id deffo stay here again if i return to chicago in the future. 
3636 The hotel is clean and enough for staying on tourist purpose!!! 
3637 Booked a corner suite which had 2 rooms. The space for New York was great and overally a great stay. Only the front desk let the hotel down. Loved the amish market opposite and the UN was only 5 min walk. 
3638 We had a great time, the location is good, close to the subway right across the street. Would stay here again & again. 
3639 Again I had the pleasure of staying at the Swissotel Chicago. Again, everything was perfect. Efficient & polite staff, exceptionally clean room. And that bed .... HEAVEN! It's worth staying there for the comfort of the bed alone. Highly recommended 
3640 Very friendly and helpful staff, especially Tk Karadzovski -- did a great job and made sure my stay was perfect. 
3641 I cannot recall his name but the guy working on the 20th floor in the hospitality room was excellent. Very pleasant and excellent at his job. 
3642 Great location. Very large rooms for a NYC hotel. Very helpful staff, flat screen tv and a great mini bar. Need I say more? 
3643 we were treated like royalty. staff were warm, kind and most helpful. this was my second time at this hotel and it really meant alot when Sunny recognized me and welcomed me back with a warm beautiful smile. 
3644 The hotel is in Greenwich village nearby the Washington square arch. Metro is everywhere. In a day you see a lot (min. 4 or 5 days). Rooms with airco and our bathroom was renovated. We had breakfast and in the city you can eat everywhere. Do it with a tourguide. 
3645 clean, modern, comfortable at a very decent price. convenient location. competent service. clean, modern, comfortable at a very decent price. convenient location. competent service. clean, modern, comfortable at a very decent price. convenient location. competent service. 
3646 Have stayed here many times and it always clean, stylish, neat and easy to negotiate. The generous room sizes make it comfortable and enjoyable. Their room service is excellent and timely. Of course the location is superb, one can walk anywhere. 
3647 This hotel is my home away from home. The staff is top notch! Friendly - welcoming - stay here and get used to "rock star" treatment! 
3648 My husband booked this hotel for my birthday. The room was beautiful, the staff was amazingly attentive, and the location couldn't be beat. I also enjoyed the spa during my stay, and the treatments were of the highest quality. Couldn't have enjoyed my birthday more. 
3649 We recently stayed at the Roosevelt Hotel in NYC. It is a beautiful place, but a little dated and the rooms are in need of some remodeling. That said, the staff was attentive, the location incredible, the room was very clean. 
3650 The hotel stay was very good. The waiter Dee at the restaurent was very helpful. 
3651 I enjoyed my stay. i loved the view from the King Deluxe suite on the 7th floor overlooking the highline. That was my favorite. The bathtub was amaaazing. I wish the room was a little bigger. Felt a little tight. 
3652 Estoy recien llegada de un viaje largo el cual pase por new york y habia reservado este hotel por la ubicacion, no esperaba que el hotel estuviera bueno pero me lleve una sorpresa porque aparte que tiene una ubicacion exacta, la habitacion estaba buenisima !!! super recomendable !!! 
3653 I was only in town for business for one night and this new property was an excellent choice. On the small side (as 99% of NYC hotels are) but in a perfect location and the most friendly staff I've ever encountered at a NY hotel. 
3654 Perfect location, beautiful old hotel, and this time around our check in and check out was serviced by Alfredo -- what a difference customer service makes. 
3655 The hotel is a great deal if you are looking for a well located and friendly place to stay. The rooms are not impressive, but they match the price charged and most of the staff is really Nice and thoghtfull. I would stay there again. 
3656 Hotel is pleasant, room was a good size but everything looked like it needed to be cleaned more or updated. The location is central and the staff was nice. Pay TV did not work - bummer for the kids!! We would go back to NY but not necesarily this hotel. 
3657 Having a kitchen was great and it was close enough to walk to Times Square 
3658 I just spent the whole of Hurricane Sandy in a fantastic, comfortable studio apartment. The service was fantastic, the reception desk bent over backwards over and over again to keep help guests get extra rooms, stay extra, keep us informed. Actually, all personnel were great. Really comfortable apartment. 
3659 Das Hotel liegt direkt am Times Square und damit auch an der U-Bahn. Der Service des Hotels ist klasse und bei Fragen wird einem umgehend geholfen. Einziges Manko ist das Business Center, welches genau 2 Computer umfasst und deshalb sowohl morgens wie auch abends dauernd besetzt ist. 
3660 When you think of the Plaza Hotel, NYC, you think of the creme da la creme. Well thats pretty much what it is!! Its a stunning hotel with fantastic ammenities and courtious staff!! Couldn't of asked for better!! 
3661 Wonderful hotel with excellent location. Very nice service. We had the fortune to get a corner room at the top floor with glass from floor to ceiling. Really nice view. The sleeping comfort was very high and the room intreior was very nice. Clearly recomend! 
3662 Excellent hotel. Great value. I stayed for 4 nights recently and highly recommend it. Clean, comfortable rooms. Helpful and friendly reception staff. Will definitely return. I have stayed in much more expensive places in New York that had horrible rooms. This is a gem. 
3663 I have grown very fond of the LaQuinta hotels. The newer hotels can't be beat in terms of price and quality. 
3664 Nice location off Michigan Ave. Rooms were clean with nice street view. Shower leaked all over the floor due to lack of shower door and the shower water was lukewarm. The doorman "Showtime" was very nice and helpful. The front desk staff was very friendly also. 
3665 more than one mice in my room......scary,small,gross and gross. 
3666 great location, great service, room towels left on chairs, empty coffee cups after cleaning staff finished. Terrific bell service, friendly. GREAT SIZE for room and bathroom. loved the refillable (eco friendly) shampoo, etc... a few stains on new carpet, chairs and furniture a little scuffed and nicked. Will stay again 
3667 We received room on 3rd floor and room was small compared to other average hotels i've stayed. However it is in a very good location and central to most NYC landmarks. Within 20 minute walk you can reach most if not all attractions. 
3668 Incredible hotel overlooking Central Park and close enough to walk for Thanksgiving Parade. We had a King room facing Central Park. Close enough to open our room window and hear sounds of the carriage riders entering Central Park. Hotel has been updated. First class. 
3669 Made last minute reservations to stay overnight for the nearby Taste of Chicago and the fireworks. Just a great hotel thoughout. Highly recommended. 
3670 This hotel is situated near Times Square, only a 7 minute walk. But at night you don't hear any of the noise. 
3671 The hotel was clean and affordable. The location was appopriate for my needs. The internet speed was OK but not outstanding 
3672 Nos encanto la localizacion en New York y la amabilidad del personal! Ha sido una gran experiencia!estuvimos muy comodos, y pensamos volver en cuanto podamos. Ademas fuimos con una peque de dos anhos y fueron muy compresibles y amables. Sin duda, recomendado! 
3673 Had a gorgeous king room for 2 nights. A classic quiet room in a luxurious hotel. The location across from Central Park and a few blocks from Rockefeller Center and Times Square is perfect. We will stay here again for sure. 
3674 Stayed 3 nights, Clean, Quiet, Comfortable beds, Close to major attractions, Great staff. Would highly recommend 
3675 I returned to Essex House for the first time in 12 years this March, and was impressed with how well it holds up. Rooms that are sizeable (for NYC), responsive staff, and the fantastic location make for a good business option. 
3676 I found good prices for this hotel right in NYC. It is near the Southstreet Seaport area. Rooms were clean and staff was friendly. They had a decent breakfast in the morning also (which is free). 
3677 Arr early, pre ck in, they called us when room was rdy. Friendly staff 
3678 This hotel is a typical Courtyard. The breakfast was great and the staff was great. The rooms and hotel itself are fine. Nothing more, nothing less. For business travel the rate and the accomodations are fair. Can't go wrong. 
3679 Stayed here for a week enjoyed my stay good- clean.cheap for new York, good location close to subway, free Internet in lobby bad- no lockers in room and there are few in a corridor that are always in use, squeeky bunks, no mirrors in room 
3680 Wonderful room, offered us an upgrade for not too much money. Lovely pool area with a nice bar/cafe area. Bar area is nice if a bit dark. In a very good area for business, if a bit far from areas with more restaurants, etc. 
3681 Excellent location at Times Square. Room size good compared with most New York City hotels of this grade. Good service and friendly staff. Every place we wanted to visit in New York City was within walking distance! 
3682 First time in Chicago and will be back. Loved the city and the hotel was simply amazing. A king size bed, fridge, microwave, a double bed and so clean. Great location, just a block away from the Hanckock observatory and Michigan avenue. I would recommend this hotel to everyone. 
3683 Great location in downtown chicago. standard room with king bed is small but well appointed. bathroom is quite large with modern fixtures. on west side of building you can hear the EL train go by but this would only disturb the lightest of sleepers 
3684 Don't check into a hotel where you are buzzed in to the lobby and the desk clerk sits behind bulletproof glass; in only gets worse from there. 
3685 Tatty looking hotel. Seen better days. Due for a facelift 
3686 Great service, huge 2-room suite w/ a king bed, great pool, great breakfast, great sauna...everything about this place was absolutely ideal and then some! 
3687 Just went with friends for the weekend. old but very updated hotel. Got double beds one room but still extra cost. But there was plenty of room. The floors are hardwood, which was a bit cold but nice. Recommend slippers. Great great location. I would go back for sure. 
3688 Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights during a business trip. Very spacious suite. Bathroom was a bit small, but there were 2 in the suite! 
3689 I just wanted to say how great the hotel stay at Gramercy Park Hotel !! Fab decor and great staff. I did want to say thanks to Elizabeth for the Large bottle of Water from Voss. Just made me feel welcome Thanks again 
3690 The central location of the Warwick is only outdone by the quality of the recently renovated rooms and the quite setting of it's interior rooms. Whether business or pleasure it should be on the top of your list of places to stay in NYC! 
3691 We really like d the Kimberly. Great location in mid-town right down the street from The Rock. Very friendly staff. Excellent value: 1 bdrm suite with really comfortable king bed, queen pull-out sofabed, balcony, kitchenette. Perfect for family with kids. Will go again. 
3692 This hotel is lovely. The rooms are small, but for NYC that is quite the standard. The bed is amazing and so is the shower. Some noise from the street can be heard, so bring your ear plugs though. Highly recommended. 
3693 No bedbugs and helpful staff. OK there is no elevator, so we did have to carry our bags up 5 floors - however they had offered to help. Bathroom clean, great location. Couldn't ask for a better hotel at this price. 
3694 Arrogant staff, limited help with problem, followed "comany line", absolutely no effort beyond the company line to assist you. Rooms are comfortable as are the beds, good location too. Good luck. If everything perfect you will be fine. 
3695 We loved the short walks to the Broadway shows, Times Square, Bryant Park, Hell's Kitchen, and Rockefeller Center. The InterContinental was a luxurious oasis, and the staff was very attentive and friendly. The rooms are fantastic-the higher floor rooms with a view are worth it!! 
3696 We had a great stay at this hotel. We had two rooms and oth of them were great. They were very large for a ny hotel. Very close to grand central. Housekeeping did come knocking early on our checkout day, which was the only negative. Overall great stay! 
3697 Timesquare is the best place to stay but the room in Crowne Plaza was a little stuffy, not very relaxing. The fact that it was centrally located was good but the experience of the stay was not very warm 
3698 After a thrilling but hot week in a camper van touring Long Island, we were delighted to enter this cool, luxurious, ideally located hotel. Very comfortable Junior Suite. Beds magnificent. Air-con fab. Breakfast buffet appreciated as it meant we could get up and get on with the day. 
3699 I like the hotel especially the people at the front desk like juicy and jerry. But, I do not like Oksana. The hotel has a nice location 
3700 hotel bem localizado, quarto de bom tamanho, banheiro limpo, funcionarios educados. cafe da manha ( padrao americano) , mas que vc ja economiza bastante!. recomendo 
3701 pode ir sem medo. 
3702 I frequent Marriott hotels whenever I can. Overall this hotel's lobby and location are its strong points. The rooms were a bit smaller than I expected but not too much different from other hotels in large cities. All the staff I can in contact with were pleasant and helpful. 
3703 Everything was great Staff was nice and helpfull Rooms small , typical for NYC Hotel is small 4 rms pr floor , 20 flrs Nice and quiet Easy access to tranportation and walking distance to Times Square from hotel 
3704 Superb hotel with large, comfortable rooms, great location and friendly service. Breakfast was good as was room service. Lifts are intelligent and efficient. You can't go wrong with this hotel when in Chicago for business or leisure 
3705 Fab hotel - fab location... You can't beat the location - accross from Central Park - Awesome staff, etc... 
3706 Great location very close to Times Square, felt very safe walking back from theatres to the hotel. Too bad wi-fi is not included in the price !! Great view from our room on 16th floor. Beds are quite small. Had a great time. 
3707 Be sure to request a river-view room for great views of Chicago. Service is first-rate. Very Nice lobby. Easy check-in and check-out. Rooms are the best to be had. 
3708 Great Westin Style...in the middle of the hubbub..just opposite the Port Authority Bus station, a block from Times Sq. perfect oasis of corporate comfort in the city's heart. Upper floor rooms with a city view are perfect - quiet with a view! heavenly beds and simple showers...can't go wrong. 
3709 Habitaciones antiguas y sucias(sabanas sucias), Lavabos anticuados y con mal funcionamiento. No minibar. 
3710 Great place to stay and the staff is awesome! Ask for Catherine. 
3711 A lot of street noise (waste collectors on 32nd Street at around 3AM almost every night). Nice and friendly staff. Basic breakfast. Location great but would consider to be further away from mid town and close to subway next NY visit. 
3712 Location was very good and beds were ok. The smell in the room was horrible and the floor was wet in front of the window. 
3713 average room-but lobby freshener was overwhelming....I had to hold my breath walking through each day. I thought it was me, but I heard others complaining about it too. Conveniently located right by the subway and good shopping. I'd stay there again......they're in the process of redecorating it seriously needs it! 
3714 The location is great, and then you walk inside. This is a hostel, not a hotel. The " concierge" is always "away". The best part of the whole experience was the instructions found on the door on how to have fun! $$ too! 
3715 Hotel room is very roomy but the upkeep is lacking. Rooms airconditioning was not sufficient to cool the room in summer and there was no hair dryer in the room ( a feature that I expect in any american hotel). The roof top bar is nice, and worth a visit. 
3716 We had a wonderfull time at the Roosevelt. We found the staff very friendly. The bar was a bit pricey. The rooms were clean. It is also very central, close to all attractions of NYC. We cant wait to go back and would go back to this hotel for sure. 
3717 This was nice hotel. Clean and comfotable. Good location. A little seedy by night. Friendly service and concierge was very helpfull in attaining a reservation at a local restaurant. 
3718 Wonderful rooms, great service and a great location what more could you want. I want to go back!! 
3719 Luis Torres gave the best service I ever had in hotels on breakfast time He is really professional and very nice person, who can make you a good mood for whole day. Thank you! 
3720 Ottimo hotel appena ristrutturato. Cura nei materiali e comodi letti. Si trova a due passi dal Rockefeller Center e Brodway. Consigliato! 
3721 The housekepper are very friendly and miss pam brown make your stay happy she goes out of her way to make sure you have a good stay now some of the staff are not to friendly butI will tell all my freinds. 
3722 Large updated rooms. Great location- close walk to Time Square, Empire State building, Grand Central Station- Subway, great Deli's near by. Staff very friendly and helpful. Would stay here again. 
3723 This was a great sized 2 bedroom place. Felt more like an apartment but great since we had to toddlers with us. Would stay there again. 
3724 The best thing about this hotel is its excellent location in Midtown Manhattan (Lexington Ave). Rooms are clean and comfortable, but not outstanding. 
3725 Ever Aspect of this Hotel is great. The door men remember you from previous stays and offer any assistance needed. I have stayed 3 times and each time it gets better, I will be staying again next week and cannot wait. Always get a park room with a high floor. 
3726 Clean, comfortable, great location, fantastic roof garden, and excellent staff. Thoroughly recommend! 
3727 My stay at this hotel was horrible. The hotel staff provides poor customer service, pretends to speak little english and very unfriendly. The rooms are extremely small with very little space to move around. The management cares solely about the business than the needs of the guests. 
3728 Stayed 2 nights at The James and we were pleasantly surprised. Location is perfect for access to Soho and Tribeca, rooms were nicely done and comfy, and service was top notch. Staff went out of their way to ensure we were satisfied. 
3729 My husband and I enjoyed our stay. The room had plenty of space. Everything you needed stocked inside the room. The bed was so comfortable. The staff made my husband birthday a memorable one. The room was set up so romantic. He loved it. Thanks very much to the staff. 
3730 per il costo giornalierodelle stanze si potrebbe aumentate i servizi come la colazione inclusa,internet gratis. la posizione dell'hotel e ottima sia per affari che per piacere lo consiglio,ma include la colazione se si puo,rischio di pagare 24 dollari a testa per la colazione ed il servizio non e un granche'. 
3731 This hotel has employees that are dedicated to service, making guest confortable. The guest is number one. 
3732 One of the better hotels in NYC. Excellent room quality (modern, facilities...etc), very professional and accommodative staff, great location (right on 5th Ave), spacious rooms, and good food/room service. Would definitely recommend it... 
3733 The Garden Inn brand has expanded a lot in NYC and this one is a good addition. 
3734 reasonable price, perfect for business travelers. If you need to be near grand central and times square and show district, this is the place to be. Staff is attentive, only down is no fridge in rooms, have to request. No micorwave..... 
3735 Beautiful rooms, great details, like marble staircases. Sure the drinks are expensive, but aren't they everywhere in Manhattan? Dine elsewhere. But the rooms are charming. 
3736 Booked this for myself and husband for 5 nights. Loved it! Excellent service, comfortable rooms and great location. Walking distance from Central Park and lots of eating venues in the neighbourhood. Also a metro on the corner. 
3737 Stayed there with two elderly parents and three teenagers, we all loved it. The attentive staff were helpful and thoughtful. Touches like that take an average hotel up a couple of notches. The rooms were clean and comfortable after a long day of sightseeing. 
3738 Great location, just a few steps from Times Square. Staff was friendly, consierge was helpful, everything worked fine. My wife and I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone seeking a base for exploring Manhattan and New York City. 
3739 Great place to stay for the Thanksgiving Parade. The hotel staff was very friendly. I stayed at this property in past for both business and pleasure and always leave with a great experience. 
3740 Perfekt avstand till alla faciliteter p[ Manhattan. Tyvarr en bedrovlig frukost som inte bor kallas det. Dar maste hotellet lara av andra vad en frukst betyder. Ett stort plus till personalen .Mycket servicevilliga. 
3741 This is a great hotel with very comfortable rooms. The staff were quite friendly and the concierge and doorman very helpful. The only complaint we had was that of a small dining room, so we did not taste their food. 
3742 As I have said above this was a great base for the Tennis at the US open. A nice room but a little bit noisy (601), good housekeeping, helpful reception staff. Convenient for all the sights in Manhatten. 
3743 We had a great stay at the Edison over the weekend. The hotel was convenient to the theater district, the room was clean, quiet and comfortable, and the price was reasonable for mid-town Manhattan. All employees were helpful and polite. Valet parking is $29. We would definitely stay there again. 
3744 Good for the prices, room clean, good breakfast (not conventional in NY) Staff not friendly (sometimes stupid). Good, louder noises room to room. Good hotel for walk all day long and only sleep in the night. 
3745 We've been staying at this hotel monthly for the past three years. The staff is excellent, and once one of the front desk staff moved their car so I could use their space! You won't find service like that anywhere! 
3746 Excellent and caring front desk staff and management. Very clean and comfortable hotel. The breakfast and coffee are better than a typical "continental" style at many moderately-priced chain hotels. I've stayed before, and will continue to patronize this location. 
3747 We stayed at the Michaelangelo in late July for four nights with two teenagers. Room was large, comfy and clean. Service was excellent, and James, the concierge, was very helpful. With Michaelangelo bordering on Times Square, the hotel was perfectly situated for Broadway shows, shopping and people-watching. 
3748 Three of us stayed in the very nice sized room. We were impressed by the size and felt we received good value for the price we paid compared to other Manhattan hotels. The location is just perfect and in the center of it all. 
3749 Not much to complain. Average breakfast, good location, small but quiet and fresh room with nice decoration, AC worked etc. Nothing to complain about service either. All wen well and we were happy that we chose Marcel at Gramercy. 
3750 What an awful hotel. Small, dark, marginally functioning rooms, turn of the century elevators, all centered around an over crowded lobby bar and front desk manned by a rude staff. Save your money. Stay home and hit yourself over the head with a hammer instead. 
3751 I used to stay here regularly about 7-8 years ago. I was back for the first time since then. Great location but in need of some nips and tucks. Older, feeling a bit stuffy and gloomy. Nice people - very friendly. Independent hotel - not part of any chains. 
3752 We opted for an upgrade to a "Business class" room, which put us on a newly renovated floor. The room was clean, modern, and comfortable The location is pretty good for attending a conference at McCormick Place. Our room did face the train, which was a bit noisy at night. 
3753 We stayed here for 5 nights. Superb location for hopping on the subway, spotless rooms, friendly and helpful staff. Thank you all for making our stay in New York so pleasant - will definitely recommend and stay again. 
3754 Great time the all the cleaning ladies are ready,able and willing, to do anything and i mean anything!!! 
3755 definitely a good place to stay in NYC, central and quiet.... 
3756 Calm. Clean. QUIET. Ahhhh. A room on the top floor of the hotel. Check-in was fast. No glitches. The room was spotless. All my Marriott preferences carried out. Great advice from Front Desk/Guest Services associates. Here for business. Would return. Great view of the Empire State Building from my room. 
3757 First time staying here, it was the best hotel experience I have had in NYC yet. The staff was amazing, friendly and very helpful, Location was great, close to all the hot spots. I will definitely be staying there again. 
3758 great value, welcoming staff - overall a very stylish hotel with great deck areas to view the city 
3759 I stayed for 2 weeks at the Surrey and liked it very much. One block away from Central Park, close to the Metropolitan Museum, the subway and on the corner of Madison Avenue. Excelent service, from the doorman to the Concierge. 
3760 Easy check-in, clean room (with kitchenette!), good service and a great value for NYC. Don't forget to tip the door man if he hails you a cab - or he'll flat out ask you for one. 
3761 This was our second stay and it was just as enjoyable as the first. The staff are friendly and unchanged since the last time, which is a very good sign. We have recommended the hotel to friends and will stay again next time we are in New York. 
3762 Familyfriendly, cosy, clean and big rooms. When we arrived to the hotel had the staff upgraded our room from a junior suite to a deluxe suite for the same price as junior suite.The staff is wounderful. We are coming back. 
3763 MARIA did a great job in the restaurant. Super fast, pleasant, and in general made the experience very good 
3764 I just love how everyone that I come in contact with at this hotel is extremely polite. Almost continuous van service to the airport. So I never wait long. FYI Its under construction changing to the Doubletree by Hilton so cookies in the near future! 
3765 I had a fairly small size room, but it was clean, modern and comfortable. The bathroom was clean and had plenty of towels. The air con was a bit noisy - but I could sleep through it. The service was prompt and pleasant. I have no complaints. 
3766 Albergo molto carino, pulito, confortevole e ottima posizione. Lo consiglio. 
3767 The hotel is in a great location and easily accessible to all mid town destinations. The gym has outstanding views and is a must see- plus get a good workout. It can be crowded but worth it- its located on the top floor! 
3768 Excellent service, location and facilities. Rooms are very comfortable and The View is awsome! 
3769 HOTEL SALISBURY, CONVENIENTE PER POSIZIONE CENTRALE,STANZE CON SALOTTO CON GRANDE TV LCD E CAMERA DA LETTO CON TV LCD E LETTI MOLTO COMODI E BUON PREZZO. NOTE NEGATIVE HOTEL VECCHIOTTO CHE HA BISOGNO DI UNA RISTRUTTURAZIONE E COLAZIONE CONTINENTALE, NON ALL'AMERICANA. COMUNQUE IDEALE PER LE FAMIGLIE MENO PER LE COPPIE 
3770 This is a great hotel for the price. It is a safe neighborhood. 
3771 We stayed a night at the Raffaello and enjoyed this small hotel. The doormen and hotel clerks are very nice and helpful. We loved going up to the lovely rooftop and enjoying the city views and some wine. Close to the lakefront and Michigan Ave shopping. 
3772 45th St between Times Sq and 5th Avenue - convenient to walk lots of places, and friendly Deli next door for breakfast. Room a bit small and no teamaking facilities. Safe storage $5 for luggage after checking out. 
3773 The Night Hotel NYC absolutely lived up to all of the claimes to be "The sexiest hotel in NYC". They made my Valentine weekend one that we will never forget. We WILL be back 
3774 Stayed here with friends, and had an absolute blast! Bartenders are fantastic and have great taste in making new drinks. Beds were very comfy, large bathroom for a manhattan hotel room, and very clean. The location is perfect, close to many subway routes and not far from anything! 
3775 Great location, the beds and pillows are very comfortable, clean rooms, courteous and friendly staff. Isn't this what you can expect from a hotel for a great travel experience? We certainly had one! Will definetly come back and highly recommend this hotel. 
3776 This was a great choice in Tomball; clean and very secure. There are numerous restaurants and shops closeby; i will definetely stay there again and I am now looking at these hotels in outher areas.. (We are part of the softball circuit) Best thing, no pets allowed. 
3777 Stayed at Crowne Plaza on a Friday and Saturday night. The location of the hotel was great and the staff very helpful. Upgrading their elevator system..abit of a pain, but overall we enjoyed. 
3778 Ottima la posizione a 2 minuti dall'empire e sopra la metro...zona centralissima e ben servita.hotel enorme pulito, camere pulite e grandi....ci ritorneremo!!!! 
3779 Jim Quinn was an excellent bartender and provided great service during my stay 
3780 Perfect hotel to stay at with my two daughters for a girls get a way. Good location very easy access and extremely helpful staff at the front desk. 
3781 I have travelled and stayed at many hotels over the years, this hotel was by far the worst. The hotel features: - paper thin walls - small rooms - no elevator - noise all throughout the night Overall I'd recommend you reconsider. 
3782 I frequent this hotel on a regular basis... reminds me of my home away from home.. you are surrounded by the trendiest spots in town... plus the mall is 10-15 minutes from your hotel... 
3783 clean, hip hotel. great breakfast. a bit of street noise from room. very efficient use of space in rooms. staff were friendly and somewhat helpful. a couple of them were not very knowledgeable. overall we were very pleased 
3784 The hotel was very clean and the decor was excellent. Larry worked the desk for the three days we were there and really added to our experience there. Friendly, helpful and a great person to have around. he really is an asset to the hotel. 
3785 We had a wonderful stay, close to everything and the concierge was so helpful. The unit was clean and had all the necessities. Location made our stay wonderful and woke up to look out the window at Central Park. Would be happy to go again. 
3786 Excellent hotel, good service very good attention and got it at very good rate via hotwire. Fantastic natural yoghurt and eggs benedictine..... 
3787 Das Hotel liegt an bester Lage, 5 Gehminuten von der naechsten Metrostation. Geraeumige, modern eingerichtete Zimmer, ueberaus freundliches Personal, wir waren rundum zufrieden. 
3788 I had friends coming over. The only place that was available eas this one. Not too clean, room lobby is overcrowded. had to wait too long to check in. The staff is not very attentive and my friends had to change room twice due to poor conditions. 
3789 Stayed 4 nights at Smyth. The rooms were spacious and well designed. Bathrooms are big and have all the amenities one should need! Location was perfect. Concierge service and Front Office staff are very helpfull and nice! Recommended! 
3790 Small rooms (NY standard) but very good position and price for mid Manhattan. The breakfast offered for 12$ has fruits, pastry, bagels and cream cheese, cereals, aso. Rooms equipped with coffee maker and tiny wardrobe. 
3791 The rooms here were clean and spacious. We booked on a deal and it was really great value for money. Additionally you can self park for $14 so not too bad. Near a couple of nice steak restaurants but you need to book as they were v busy. 
3792 We loved the location, the service, the food, the wine and the friendly, helpful staff. The room was both comfortable and attractive. It was the perfect place for our fun trip to NYC. 
3793 I haven't stayed there, but I'd recommend the rooftop bar. It can get a little sceney, but the views are worth it, even if you just go up for a drink. 
3794 Very small, but neat and clean. We just stayed overnight and had 1 small bag. I can't imagine where one would put anything if they were staying for a week. The bed was comfortable and our room was fairly quiet. The location was perfect. I would stay there again! 
3795 Cigarette smell in non-smoking room. Unprofessional front desk. 
3796 Our family stayed here over the Christmas holiday. Weber Grill restaurant was very good. The staff was helpful, our room was spacious, and just steps away from shopping. We will stay here again. 
3797 It was great. Perfect location. Close to the Time Square and Central Park. But we just slept in there, so I'm not familiar with the rest of their services. 
3798 Visiting Chicago for business conference. Very well appointed hotel, what you would expect for a upmarket Hilton establishment. I found it very close to everything and you could walk to the city centre or to the conference centre very easily. 
3799 Footsteps to excellent restaurants, Central Park, markets, Fifth Avenue and Madison Avenue shops, museums, subways and busses. Luxurious room and helpful staff. All this and a spotless kitchen! 
3800 This is such a great find! Supersaint388 either stayed in a different hotel or just had a freak experience. The location is great, the rooms clean and practical, the staff friendly and we will definitely return 
3801 Godt hotel men gammelt. Rigtig god service og beliggenhed. 
3802 First of all, the location is excellent. The room has a lot of space considering that most of the hotels at New York have small rooms. The interior design is very nice and contemporary. The staff is always ready to help. No complains at all. 
3803 We went for our 1 year wedding anniversary. They gave us a great room with an amazing view, sent us a complimentary bottle of champagne with little desserts. Location is central, but not right in the middle of the mayhem. All together we will definitely be staying here again. 
3804 The lobby here is very hip. The staff makes you feel welcome. I loved my stay here. 
3805 I'm a sucker for heavenly beds. Combine those with the perfect location of this hotel and you have a winner. SPG gold got us a nice upgraded corner room - spacious and nicely decorated. Service was good. Wonderful rate through the Starwood website, too. 
3806 very friendly staff, nice room , great view on 24 floor perfect location 
3807 breakfast was very good and reasonably priced. been many times to new york but first time i have stayed here but can honestly say i will return here next time 
3808 This hotel is very clean, well maintained and has a friendly staff. I would highly recommend others to stay at this hotel. It's in a great location safe location (police station next door). The food from room service was excellent. 
3809 We stayed here December 7-9 2012. Had a double room. Room was very spacious. Room, lobby and breakfast area all very clean. Breakfast was the standard continental-eggs, waffles, bagels, donuts. Staff was helpful and friendly. Convenient location. 
3810 Small very dated rooms. Last century bathrooms. Smelly carpets. Staff not so helpful or friendly. This hotel needs demolishing and rebuilding. Not everything is bad. Location is fantastic. I would not recommend. 
3811 If you are looking for a clean room at a great price in the theater district this is it. Not plush, but adequate. Basically we used the room only for sleep. Staff was friendly and helpful. It's the place to stay for convience and value. 
3812 Excellent location, within walking distance of all the theatres and restaurants. Clean and comfortable. Valet parking available. The hotel could use some refurbishment. Carpets, bathrooms looked worn. Friendly staff. A great value. When visiting to do the theatres or Time's Square we will be back. 
3813 The hotel was well-located near Times Square, and a very good value. There was wireless in the room and the breakfasts were fine. During peak times (check-in and check-out) the small, single elevator was inadequate for people and luggage. 
3814 This hotel had everything and was in a perfect location. The rooms were very large for NYC. Great free breakfast, free wifi, free Internet kiosks, friendly staff. Highly recommend. Can't wait to go back. 
3815 The staff was very nice and helpful. The location was great. The rooms are a bit small and could be a little cleaner but I have seen much worse. 
3816 Service was very polished and professional for this type of hotel. The location was perfect for walking to Navy Pier(1 mile), shopping on Michigan Ave is right outside the door, and short taxi rides to The Shed Aquarium, The Field Museum, or great Greek restaurants. 
3817 This was a great hotel with lovely rooms and very good service! 
3818 The hotel was really nice. My room was decorated really nicely. The bed was comfortable. Nice toiletries. The location was great. Easy walk to restaurants and the museum area. The staff was very friendly. The room service was over priced but otherwise I really liked this hotel. 
3819 Comfy bed and very clean rooms. The staff was friendly. I am very pleased with this hotel. 
3820 Good city location, and although the service was very good, the hotel was only so-so. 
3821 Very friendly staff. Very small (5x7) rooms. Unbelievably unique bar. I'd complain about the prices if it weren't for it's location. If your not ready for small, small spaces with big, big prices, then the West Village is not for you. Overall, The Jane was a good experience. 
3822 Located beside of Willowbrook Mall and close to others major retailers like Walmart, Target, and others... A lot of restaurants just located within 5 minutes driving time. Staff are helpful and hotel was maintained in a good manner. Value for money for staying here. 
3823 walking distance to a lot of key places ---- time square, rockefeller, broadway, 5th ave shopping, subway, etc. the room is big and clean, love the bathroom. friendly and helpful staff. if we could afford it next time, we will come back. unfortunately, we can' be members at this time. 
3824 I love staying at the Edison. It is convenient to Times Square and TKTS and to theatres and great restaurants. I love the decor in the lobby, and my room is always clean. The staff is very nice and willing to help in any way. 
3825 The rooms are dirty and outdated. Definately not a 4 star hotel. The furniture in the room was stained and filthy. The carpets were also dirty.The parking was $15 and hard to get in and out of property due to traffic.The rooms facing hi-way are very noisy. 
3826 I have stayed at Club Quarters multiple times, and will continue to stay here when I can. I have stayed in many hotels in the NYC area, and I have to admit, that for the price, this place can't be beat. 
3827 Easily accessible from Newark airport. Location is great for the theatre. The value was great for New York. Enjoyed the Schulas restaurant on site. I will definitely book with this hotel again. 
3828 Michelangelo is the best in new York! Very helpful staff and Henry is always there to greet me. I got two houses sold and documents faxed and emailed while i was there when i couldn't be in the office. 
3829 Was very happy with this hotel. Rooms were updated, nice lobby, and good staff. The Weber restaurant was jam packed and could not find a spot during dinner time but that was okay. Would definitely come back. 
3830 We stayed at the Embassy Suites near the Galleria while attending a conference. There was plenty of room for 3 to be comfortable and have privacy. Excellent service, great ffee breakfast and the Manager's Reception made for a tremendous experience. 
3831 New York city will never be the same after I stay at Park Central. They have the best rooms and service. 
3832 Lovely hotel, bedrooms had microwave, fridge and coffee machine. Recommended a fabulous restaurant. 
3833 We are just back from staying at the Belvedere and would highly recommend it. It is clean and in an excellent location.Times Square and Broadway is 2/3 mins walk and The Rockerfeller Centre is about 5/10 mins walk. All the staff are friendly especially the Doormen. 
3834 Very nice hotel. Fantastic location! The hotel was fully booked. I checked in at 8:30 pm and was unfortunate that my room had been used by a day time guest before my arrival. The room had not been cleaned before my arrival. Other than that, great hotel! 
3835 Best thing about this hotel is the location.rooms are fresh,clean and comfy beds.would return and tell friends about this hotel.. To stay. 
3836 The staff were very helpful. The location was excellent, 2 min walk to trains station. Lots of good places to eat close by and you can walk to great shopping areas. The room was excellent, had everything i needed. 
3837 Staff was very friendly, the room and facilities were clean. I love the secure truck parking. We had a small issue with the bathroom light, but it was quickly attended to. 
3838 The room was very vast which was nice! I think the price could have included more amenities. Clean, decor was alright. The location is practical as it is close to GCT. 
3839 Wonderful mid-town location close to major shopping venues. Great lobby bar (Peacock Alley) and fun historical ambiance. Only two things kept me from awarding all 5 stars: very poor shower and inoperative stopper in bathtub; refusal of bellhops to help secure a taxi for trips shorter than airport. 
3840 Hotel bene ubicato centro di New York,Camere un po piccole non molto rifinite ,pulizia cosi cosi. Buon prezzo. 
3841 An average hotel, old bathroom but clean. Noisy, but where in NYC will it be quiet? Watch it when you want to make use of the Wifi, they are charging you per day AND per device! This is a pure ripoff! 
3842 Stayed there in Dec 2012 with kids, Very nice, with 2 bathrooms. Hotel staff was very nice and place was clean. They let us check in 2 hours early which was great. The hotel parking lot will also hold a full size Van. They will validate your parking also. 
3843 Embassy Suites Downtown was wonderful. It was centrally located to everything. The continental breakfast and the evening mangers cocktail social were definitely a bonus. Our room was very up to date and clean. We would definately come back to this hotel on our next trip! 
3844 Everything was great. It was a perfect location for us and staff was knowledgable and really friendly. It was away from all the hustle and bustle yet perfect for relaxing and great view from the rooftop. 
3845 This was the first time I stayed at this Holiday Inn but would stay there again. The staff was very friendly and helpful, both in the hotel and restaurant. The restaurant had great pizza and a great bkfst buffet. 
3846 We were graciously greeted and walked through the processes at every touch point. Something you would not expect at a trendy high tech hotel. We loved our room and the location. Hotel was full of international guests mostly Euros which added to the experience of visiting NYC. 
3847 Stayed there paid top dollar ....no amenities in room, recently upgraded bathrooms are strange at best....you take a shore in the middle of the bathroom water goes everywhere including on all the towels and walls...no hair dryer in bathroom of the suite.....wtf 
3848 We've spent a weekend. Nice, clean rooms with friendly staff. Free WLAN. For this price a great NYC hotel!! 
3849 The location was great. It was near a lot of the things I wanted to see (Rockefeller Center, Time Square, lots of restaurants). The only thing I had to get used to was the really small rooms. 
3850 The Gild exceeded all of our hopes, dreams and expectations. Every single employee made us feel we were of the utmost importance. The service was beyond compare, the rooms are squeeky clean, and the food is superb. Look no further. This is the hotel for you. 
3851 The Eventi was an absolute pleasure and I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a beautiful top-notch hotel in New York. Unbeatable location, wonderful views, gorgeous rooms, fantastic service. You really can't beat this place - it's amazing! 
3852 We travelled with our teenage daughter and needed a hotel room with space. The London NYC ticketed all the boxes. Spacious room, large bathroom, two t.v.s and perfect location to explore NY. 
3853 We only stayed here one night, but we found the room to be clean and comfortable. The staff was excellent beginning to end. Not much to say other than this Four Points did exactly what we were looking for. 
3854 Wij zijn er drie keer blijven slapen: erg rustig, proper, centraal gelegen en niet te duur. (Alleen de drankjes in de bar) Er is ontbijt, maar daar hebben we geen gebruik van gemaakt omdat we zo vlug de stad in wilden. Een aanrader! 
3855 Rooms are tiny like all other hotels in manhattan for this price range- but location is great and so is the feel. The rooms were clean and comfortable- perfect if you're not travelling with too much luggage. 
3856 hotel di design simpatico, puro stile starck, apprezzabile per ragazzi amanti del divertimento notturno, ma improponibile per coloro che amano vivere la camera, quanto meno quella standard dalle dimensioni improponibilmente piccole! comunque da vivire, assolutamente! 
3857 We may have been the only English-speaking guests when we stayed at the Standard. Of course, the views are amazing. The room decor is lovely, and the proximity to the West Village is a plus. 
3858 Nice hotel conveniently placed at 7th Av. Close to Metro. I was really lucky, since when I checked inn I got the room 2307. This is a suite with two separate bedrooms (with bathrooms), living room, kitchen and numerios walking closets. A thrill! 
3859 The hotel is very beautiful and the staff is very friendly and helpful, The rooms looked great, beds are super soft,slept like a baby, and it's very convienent knowing that the mall is part of the hotel...Can't wait to stay here again.... Thank you Westin galleria 
3860 The room, service, and food were all great. The view of the park was fantastic and the hotel has a very convenient location. You can walk with easy to most midtown locations, if not the hotel will gladly drive you. You can't go wrong staying here. 
3861 Good value hotel, great location, rooms could do with a refurb .. But over all good. I recommend it. 
3862 Staff was very courteous. Great location for sightseeing. 
3863 Great Location. Beautiful hotel with very nice rooms. Very comfy beds and towels. 
3864 We had an extremely comfortable stay and the value was good. The staff was VERY friendly and helpful with restaurant recommendations, instructions on using mass transit, etc. The room was clean, quiet and seemed pretty new. I would not hesitate to stay here again. 
3865 Stayed here for 6 nights on a "travelzoo' offer.......couldn't have asked for more ! The staff was very pleasant, the room was great.......but could use new carpeting & a new sofa in the near future. The location is very convenient for anything you want to do. 
3866 We spent five nights in the hotel and staff to be very clean and friendly. Our first night was on the second floor which I found to be very noisy. We asked to be moved and got a beautiful room on the tenth floor with beautiful views of 8th avenue. 
3867 I stayed at the W on Lexington for 12 nights! and I was very pleased with the hotel and staff! The rooms aren't big but clean and the location is central to everything, near park avenue and 5th avenue! 
3868 The location was fine, the staff was very friendly, but the bed need to change the confortes some was old and have holds and the bed give me ichthy at night... 
3869 I stayed at The Mave a couple of weeks ago and loved it. The room we had was spacious for New York City and very clean. Everyone was friendly and welcoming. Wonderful customer service. Great location too! I will definitely stay here again on my next visit. 
3870 Over and over again!! Location, atmoshere, great service, polite and efficient staff, very clean, and a must check pool on the top floor overlooking central Park. Great Starwood property and excellent value! 
3871 We spent 2 nights at the Benjamin. Centrally located, very nice and clean room. Staff was very friendly and helpful. I highly recommend it. 
3872 Very warm and friendly staff, comfortable room, great central location for shopping, sight seeing and everything Chicago! 
3873 My stay was OK. Quality of service was excellent. I had few specific request and there were properly managed. I had booked a top floor but was not higher than 6th floor. The street where the hotel is located is a litlle dodgy at night. 
3874 Nice Hotel. I paid 150.00 Just a decent Hyatt. The rooms could use some remodling. The TV's are a joke. The are like 17" old junkers. I was kind of embarrassed for them. But overall a decent place, but Hyatt can do better. 
3875 The hotel itself is good but once you step out of it do not turn right because the scenery changes completely and you find yourself in an area not to be expected near a four star place .The internet service in the lobby is good.The restaurant is expensive 
3876 The O'Hare Hilton is an older, tired looking hotel. It is average in almost every respect. However, if, as is often the case for me, you have a layover at O'Hare, it is a good place to grab a quick night's sleep, as the hotel is connected to the terminals. 
3877 Stayed here during April 2011 for five nights. The location is perfect, walking distance to all major attractions. Hotel is clean, staff are friendly and you will struggle to find a hotel that is better value for money. Recommend highly and would stay again with no hesitation. 
3878 The Blakely was perfectly located between Central Park, Times Square and Fifth Avenue. Small and friendly staff - fairly large rooms, with baths not just showers. Breakfast was OK but unexciting. Wonderfully comfortable beds. We hope to return in the future. 
3879 Location was excellent rest was horrible, rooms very old lobby very noisy and long que for checkin. But you can find everything in the neighborhood from dining to shopping , transport everything avlb nearby 
3880 Very old, ugly poor condition and smells bad. Cannot believe itis called "hyatt" 
3881 Altough we had a room in the (really really) old section of the hotel, we were lucky that we got a large suite. The rooms were dark, but as you're in New York we didn't mind to much. Daylight couldn't come in, but neither did any other light :) 
3882 Smaller than expected rooms, but we didn't spend too much time in the room. The staff was very helpful and courteous. The hotel was 3 blocks away from Time Square and 3 blocks away from Grand Central Station. Simple and worth every penny. 
3883 Had a wonderful time at The Waldorf Astoria. I would recommend this hotel to any one coming to NY for business or pleasure. It is a little pricey, but it is worth the money !!! HAVE FUN !!!! I DID !!!!!! 
3884 Located right in the heart of Times Square. Everything is within walking distance. Walk out the front door in the heart of New York. 
3885 A little pricey but sexy Midtown Hotel with chic lobby bar sure to impress tourists and locals, alike. Some rooms have fireplaces and soaking tubs. Excellent Midtown location. If you can stomach the room cost, definitely an impressive, hip New York City Hotel experience. 
3886 The hotel was perfectly located and the view from the room of St Peters was gorgeous. The room was gorgeous and the bed was super comfortable. I would highly recommend this hotel and hope to stay there again soon. 
3887 Everything was ok! Clean room and cleam bathroom. No bad things to say about the hotel and the staff !! 
3888 We stayed here for one night in April. This hotel was very nice. The room was bigger than we expected for a NYC hotel. It is a few blocks from Time Square but in a perfect location. They also provide free breakfast. We would definitely stay here again. 
3889 I have stayed here several times but this was the first since it has been renovated. What a pleasant surprise. Comfy beds and nice linens. Bathroom small but nice shower with lots of water pressure. Will stay here again! 
3890 My first time at this hotel...even though I booked on Priceline, I still got the free Internet and Priority welcome gift bag! Rooms are nice, staff was friendly. I had a great river and city view...and only a few blocks from Michigan Ave...easy walk. 
3891 Great location right off Times Square. Lobby and rooms very dark but nice. Would have liked to have coffee available in our rooms instead of having to go to Starbucks next door. 
3892 This is a place you want to stay. CLEAN rooms, wood floors, aveda products in the bathrooms!! Lissa and Alma are FANTASTIC at the front desk. 
3893 seventh heaven! The welcome was superb.Charming staff and wonderful interesting barman. This historical hotel is so me because I love anything with a history of past times. As an antique dealer I have been to NY 20 times and I would live thereforever! Greetings to you from France 
3894 Great Location! Room was dated and very no-frills but cleaned daily. Nowdays i noticed they charge quite a bit less than they did in 2007 so for the money you're paying i would recommend this hotel. NYC hotels are so expensive and you'd rather spend your money shopping:) 
3895 Perfect for trains, subway, shops (Macys) & Tick Tock Diner is FAB. Room great - only slept in it anyway! 
3896 no soap, flat out lied on their website about how close they were to certain areas (no times square is not minutes away on foot) and whats worse, i managed to pick up bed bugs while staying there and it's gonna cost me a bunch to call in an exterminator. 
3897 Great hotel! It's within walking distance to many of NYC's attractions. The hotel staff was freindly and informative. Our room was a bit small, but we weren't there much. 
3898 excellent location...clean rooms...great staff...the smells from the burger joint were amazing although we never got there...a Starbucks across the street as well as a Dean and Deluca's... 
3899 The hotel chandler is one of the best kept secrets of NYC. Amazing location, the rooms are spacious and very nicely decorated, and the staff is exceptional. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NYC and will be staying here again! 
3900 Not much to add to previous reviewers; great location, friendly staff, home away from home. 
3901 My stay at the skyline was absolutely horrible. The main desk service was unhelpful, rude and insulting to me and my group. Our particular room were equally bad. I will definitely not recommend this hotel to anyone. 
3902 We stayed there on our way to Freeport. Convenient, clean, comfortable and friendly. 
3903 Very accomodating to get extra shuttles for party members' safe travel to and from wedding and reception. Good food and service. They even got a new American flag after the grandfather of the bride made a suggestion! 
3904 Attended a conference and everything was amazing. The food was delicious and service was first class. The location was also very convenient! 
3905 Wonderful hotel in a wonderful location. Some of the rooms have spectacular views of Midtown. The staff is excellent providing first rate service. I have stayed there every year for 10 years. It's always a treat. 
3906 Very good hotel in excellent location within walking distance to most New York major attractions. Good service and facilities. Very well appointed rooms. Will definitly stay here again. 
3907 If you're looking for a high value stay in a perfectly central location within Chicago - right in the middle of the Michigan Avenue shopping distruct - this hotel would be tough to beat! 
3908 Fairfield Inn by Marriott is a good choice for any travellers. They are always clean, cosy and affordable.The Fairfield Inn in Manhattan/Time Squares is no exception. I enjoyed my stay tremendously. 
3909 The Strand Hotel offers excellent quality in every area. Staff is friendly, breakfast is great, bed is sooo comfortable, towels are sooo plush, restaurant has great food and you are close to many eateries and souvenir stores. Would definitely return there if in NY again. 
3910 Greit hotel med sentral beliggenhet, gangavstand til det meste. Hotellet er litt slitt men helt ok. Gode senger , hyggelig betjening, ryddig og rent. Perfekt med bagels kiosk over veien og Starbucks coffe i lobbyen for oss som aldri rekker frokost. 
3911 I stayed at Pod hotel for a weekend workshop in the city and came home with bedbugs! I had to have the entire house exterminated - how awful. 
3912 excelent rooms, nice staff, good price, close from everything, best deal 
3913 Stayed in the Wellington on October 5th for one night. Staff VERY helpful. Rooms small, basic but clean and perfectly adequate. Very central location. Central Park and Time Square just a short walk away. Try the ice cream shop across the street - gorgeous. All in all great value. 
3914 Es la tercera vez que mi esposo y yo nos hospedamos en este hotel y realmente es muy bueno, Tiene una buena localizacion,es seguro y tiene desayuno incluido. Tiene servicio gratis de internet en el lobby y un lobby muy comodo y acogedor para los huepedes. Esta cerca de todo. 
3915 This was a perfect location for us to enjoy the city. Rooms were smaller than normal, but I guess that's normal for NYC. I would go back since we could walk to shops, restaurants, theaters, and just hanging out around Times Square. 
3916 This Inn is a quiet oasis of calm in Manhattan. Well furnished, comfortable, and with very attentive and helpful staff. Highly recommended. 
3917 One of my worst hotels in NY! Room was too small and air conditioning was very very noisy. Very expensive for the type of Hotel. I spent 160$ per night, 2 people. At least it was clean. Would never book again. 
3918 A gorgeous hotel, beautiful room, spectacular views... and above all, the staffs' care and attention to detail is incredible. What a joy in a day and age of poor customer service to be treated like I am someone special. They simply made my weekend dreamy. MOST HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. 
3919 Stayed here for business and really enjoyed it. Excellent fitness center. The glass elevators are unusual--and you don't have to wait very long for one. Be sure to visit the revolving lounge on the top floor--great views of NYC! 
3920 Certes, cet hotel ne fait pas partie d'une grande chaine mais sa situation est exceptionnelle. Rapport prix/qualite OK. Seul bemol : l'airco quelque peu bruyant.Aucune restauratiion n'y est possible mais un delicieux "deli" se trouve dans le batiment voisin. 
3921 I've stayed at The Surrey for years, but after their recent renovation it is like a whole new experience....trendy, chic, wonderful room service, lovely decor, and a warm competent staff. It will be my new home away from home in new york. 
3922 I was very disappointed with my stay at this hotel. The only advantage is the great location! Other than that it's old, run down over-priced and disappointing. The room wasn't clean, the linen torn and the bathroom should be renovated. 
3923 great hotel with perfect location for sightseeing, subway, central park and restuarnts. Very comfortable bed, shower, etc. would definetly stay again. 1 block from becon theater. (Greg Allman fans) 
3924 Got a good deal with travelzoo so we decided to stay overnight after seeing a show. Nice property, large rooms and very friendly staff. Great place. 
3925 The hallway smelled liked weed, I'm all for the oldies but this was gross. The beds were terrible the bathtub was all peeling and falling apart. I love old things but this place smelled like mufa. 
3926 awesome hotel, very modern, super clean 
3927 A lovely hotel in times Square, very nice and clean, elegant but not posh. The staff really kind!!! I hope to come back soon. 
3928 Tolles Hotel, Lage nicht ganz so im Trubel von Manhattan, aber U-Bahnen direkt nach JFK z.B. in laufweite (auch mit vielen Koffern!!!). Leute sind supernett und Zimmer sind zwar nicht riesig, aber sauber und im typischen Marriott Stil (kitischig) 
3929 Clean, small room. Great view. Uncomfortable twin bed with average linens. The elevators were painfully slow also. However a great location on the River. Breakfast easy to get at the Corner Bakery, however try to get in early to avoid long lines on the weekends 
3930 The hostel was in a great location, walking distance to Central Park, great cheap restaurants close by. The staff were very accommodating and helpful. The had good amenities, and free movies in the common room every night. 
3931 This is an hotel very the staff is top friendly. Its just at Times square. Cheap and great breakfust next door. But do not take room 202. To noisy. US standard on hotels are low compared to sweden but for your money I can highly recomend this place to stay. 
3932 Closed to many restaurants, cafes and short distance from many tourist atracctions. 
3933 Recently stayed at the Ramada with our entire family for Northwestern graduation. Couldn't have asked for a more pleasant experience. Evelyn at the front desk was most helpful. The facility is old, but clean and had a refreshing smell everytime you walked in the front door! 
3934 This is the worst hotel we've ever been, seriously! Really rude staff (they even tried to cheat and keep the margin), ugly bathroom (but private, tough) and an extremely small and nasty room. Don't ruin your vacation by choosing this hotel! 
3935 then a great place to stay is this hotel. Not too big and impersonal just lovely friendly staff and well kitted out rooms. I've stayed in a lot of hotels in NYK and this is great - I will be back!!! 
3936 hotel sencillo, pero muy bien ubicado. Desayuno pobre, habitaciones sencillas pero limpias Los botenes demasiado amables a diferencia del personal de recepcion 
3937 in the heart of downtown Chicago, just where we wanted to be. Front desk personnel were very polite and willing to help us in anyway..Room was very clean and restock everyday 
3938 We spent 5 nights at the Cassa. I was very impressed with the hotel. Staff is friendly, the room was confortable and the location was the best. I will definitely come back. 
3939 $15/day charge for gym ($25/week) and no warning of fee. Water never really got hot. Otherwise hotel was fine. 
3940 Very good: swimming pool, location, kindness of staff Could be better: breakfast, noise in the room, onion smell early in the morning 
3941 A very nice hotel in a great location, corner of Lexington and 48th. Beautiful lobby with wifi. Rooms are small but comfortable. 
3942 Hotellet ligger 5 minutters gang fra Time Square. Meget central placering i forhold til teaterture m.v. Hotellet var over min forventning i forhold til et 3 stjernet storbyhotel. Hotellet burde have 4 stjerner. 
3943 A well-appointed room and comfortable bed. Staff resturant suggestions were right on, for a late Sunday night meal and Monday breakfast. The lobby is both chic and cozy. A great location. Walking distance to all the best Chicago shopping while being on the interesting edge of the city. 
3944 Went to NYC to celebrate our anniversary and this was the perfect location. Close enough to walk everywhere we wanted to go, penn station, radio city music hall, Times Square, Central Park... Rooms have been remodeled and were great. Breakfast was busy but fresh and plentiful. Not a single complaint! 
3945 Clean, well located in Theatre district, friendly staff, a bit pricy but what isn't in this part of town, all by all good deal 
3946 Just got back from NY, stayed 5 nights - 2 rooms both studios. Excellent accommodation. Maid service spot on, Concierge couldn't be more helpfull. Perfect location. Stayed twice now and won't be looking elsewhere in Feb and April. 
3947 I travel almost 100 days a year for business and this hotel was the worst I ever stayed at. The room was very dirty with mold throughout the bathroom. There was old plug adaptors and I just wanted to leave. The hotel needs major renovation and cleaning. 
3948 Because Houston can be chilly in January, we specifically looked for a hotel with an indoor pool. While the pool as nice, the pool area was freezing. It was like we were swimming outside making it very uncomfortable for the kids. 
3949 I spent the weekend with my family at the Paramount. The location is very convient to everything in NYC. The staff was exceptionally friendly and effiencient. Our room was spottless and beautifully cleaned each day. I would reccomend this hotel over many others I have stayed in while in NYC. 
3950 Prima locatie om Manhattan te verkennen. Een heerlijk rustpunt na een dag in de stad. Service is goed, alleen moet er wel overal voor betaald worden, zoals internetverbinding, bagage storage. Desalniettemin een aanrader. 
3951 It was a room... nothing great. Basic furnishing. Small bathroom. Comfy beds. Nice size flat screen. It served my purpose because it was close to the theater district but not right in theTimes Square craziness. There are some great restaurants nearby. We enjoyed Bobby Van's Steakhouse. 
3952 This hotel is in an excellent location, right downtown within walking distance to everything. Very nice, clean rooms. Friendly, very helpful staff. Pool was very crowded, but went on spring break, so lots of kids. Wound stay here again. 
3953 I read reviews and they were mixed, but I didn't think this place would be this bad. Area NOT safe....Rooms smelly ...I do not recommend. I am a single prof. female and I felt very unsafe here. 
3954 The staffs were very friendly and it had a homey atmosphere. 
3955 Loved hotel and area. Much more fun than midtown. Very safe to stroll China Town and Little Italy. Walkable to Brooklyn Bridge. 
3956 We enjoyed our stay here. Our room was spacious and had a glamorous bathroom. The bed was super comfy, the owner very friendly and the breakfast yummy. The location in a quiet neighborhood is close to everything. We will be back! 
3957 We stayed at The Kimberly for two weeks and had a wonderful time in this fantastic hotel. From the wonderful staff, doormen and cleaning crew I couldn't have asked for better. Well done I hope to stay again 
3958 From the bellmen, check-in staff, and room everything was just great. Our room overlooked Times Square on the 18th floor. Lovely room with all the best amenities. Every employee was friendly and spoke to you. I will definitely stay here again. Great location. 
3959 I have stayed at this Homewood suites many times over the last 12 years, it hasn't changed changed much though FM1960 just keeps on growing. several restaurants withing walking distance and that's this homewood suites strongest asset. easy access of 249. 
3960 El lobby es muy estrecho, pero tienes todo a la vuelta de la esquina. En consergierie y recepcion son muy amables, te ayudan a ubicar cualquier direccion y hasta te reservan en restaurantes... La habitacion muy amplia y confortable. Digna de un 5 estrellas... 
3961 Another visit to the Element reminds me of what it is like to have the highest quality of service. Great hotel, great people. 
3962 Excellent location!!! Central park and 5th Avenue are at your "fingertips". Quite disappointed with the quality of the room but overall stay was great. Not impressed with the Customer Service Rep( Answering Center) that took my call, "very rude" however, due to its location, our stay was a memorable one. 
3963 Love this boutique hotel, very clean. I always here when I'm in New York! 
3964 Stayed here for a week. Staff were always friendly and helpful. Free Internet, although this was a bit slow. Overall the facilities were great and the price reasonable. 
3965 This hotel is excellent!! and has a superb location, very close to the Central Park. The restaurants around the hotel are delightful and the burger joint in the lobby of the hotel is well worth it. I highly recommend this hotel for all New York visitors. 
3966 good location close to Times Square BUT expect a very worn and tired building and rooms. Was closed for a while recently ... gosh, should've used the time for a major renovation. Old furniture in rooms, old CRT TVs with few channels, lobby carpet worn. 
3967 had a gr8 3 nights at this hotel gr8 location and good value for money in NYC would deffinately stay here again 
3968 Ficamos 8 dias em NY. O hotel eh antigo, mas o atendimento e principalmente a localizaacao sao excelentes. Proximo de bons lugares para comer, do Bryant Park e da Times Square. O time da recepcao eh muito atencioso e prestativo. Recomendo! 
3969 We stayed at the Belvedere the week before Christmas and have no complaints. Staff was very helpful and friendly and hotel is within walking distance to everything. Rooms were clean and we had no problem with the elevators. 
3970 Fantastic... Fantastic.. Fantastic.. Your own butler for your room! 
3971 It is just an hostel, but I really liked it. We stayed in a superior room, with a private bath. The room was tidy, and it is really closed to the underground. If u want a cheap but tidy place to stay in Ny, go there! 
3972 Very expensive, but not very clean, and staff are very rude to their customers. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. by: Linda Evans Photos: 24 
3973 The hotel was near a lot on Manhattan and very clean. Great service for a boutique hotel. 
3974 excelente ubicacion del hotel. A un paso de todo. La habiatacion es un desastre, el lobby tambien. Necesita una refaccion urgente. el bano del ano 1920 sin restyling. solo para los q busquen ubicacion. por el resto, no duden en ir a otro hotel 
3975 The hotel was very nice with a lot of amenities and just close enough to Times Square without all the noise and traffic 
3976 La stanza era spaziosa, il bagno adeguato, le pulizie buone. Forse il rumore era un po' eccessivo, c'era una specie di rumore continuo, forse dei motori dei condizionatori, e sentivamo parlare i nostri vicini di stanza. Il personale era piuttosto freddo e sbrigativo, nella maggior parte dei casi. 
3977 We stayed there one night on July 4th to see the fireworks. The location is very good, right off the street where there are so many shops and restaurants. The service people are very nice and polite. 
3978 Friendly staff made us very welcome from our check in on Christmas day. Room was stylish,clean and comfortable. We looked out our window at the Empire State Building. Excellent views from the terrace on the 10th floor. Central location was perfect for exploring Manhattan island 
3979 Novotel is so well located... it couldn't be better! The room was alright, clean, silent. The staff was very nice and and helpful. The Times Square view from the terrace is great! In its category, I think it's an excellent hotel. I wil certainly return! 
3980 The rooms are VERY small, just one foot around the bed. Bathrooms have a 24 inch pocket door entry...your knees will touch the wall when you use the cammode. Dark hallways. Very poor entrance. Not good even at a low price! 
3981 Okay whenever I am in NYC this is the hotel for me. With nearly 2000 rooms, perfect location and fantastic rooms plus the great service why would I stay anywhere else. 
3982 Stayed at the Edison December 22. Very busy Christmas week. Everyone was very accommodating and welcoming. Bellman took care of our car and bags. Location is excellent to Times Square and Theater District. Rooms are large for NYC hotels. Great rates. 
3983 Stayed at Flatotel for during a business trip. Room were dated, but clean. I was upgraded to a suite and very thankful. Excellent location! Very nice 24 hour cafe near the hotel. Bathroom was very nice. Would certainly recommend the suite for a weekend trip to the City. 
3984 Clean, neat, classy. Perfect rooms, reasonable price, highly recommended. Not to mention the history behind the hotel! Oldest running hotel in New York City! Very cool. Amazing location. 1/2 block from Penn Station, very close to Times Square, across the street from Macy's. Stay here! 
3985 Hotel in una posizione strategica; le stanze sono molto piccole e mal ridotte; i muri molto rovinati,i mobili vecchi e rotti,il bagno piccolo; ma nel complesso pulito e funzionale,per gente che sa davvero adattarsi 
3986 I found this to be a very nice hotel. The room was a nice size. It was quiet. The staff was extremely kind, friendly and helpful. The only thing I didn't like was that the cabinet in the bathroom was too close to the toilet. 
3987 Close proximity to Penn Station and subway. Rooms spacious for NYC. Beds comfortable. Only complaint was piece of trash behind bed, fitted sheet on one bed kept coming off at corner, and no safe in room. 
3988 Great place, clean friendly. As long as you do not mind stairs it is one of the best values in NCY. 
3989 This is a nice hotel but you are mostly paying for the best location on Times Square. 
3990 The hotel is clean,comfortable & safe.The front desk staff is really curteous and helpful.In short,its like home away from home and i fully recommend that if you visit houston,look no further,stay at studio 6,hobby and you'll have a memorable stay at an excellent price. 
3991 I have staid here many times.For me the best location in NY.Good hotel.Front desk is always very helpful.Metro services next to the hotel. Very convenient.Just a few block from Central Park,Fifth avenue & Times Square. 
3992 We stayed at the Jolly for three days in February 
3993 We found it ideal for our visit just a few minute walk from the theaters and times square ,Grand Cental station and the Rckerfeller Center (Top of the Roc ) well worth a visit.Staff pleasant and helpfull .would go back 
3994 Will never stay here again. When I tried to pour milk it came out solid. Very few items available. Chair and sofa had brown stains. We were afraid to sit on the furniture. 
3995 I was there with a large group. The hotel clerk was extremely nice. The breakfast was good. The bed was very comfy. 
3996 sono stata in questo albergo ad ottobre 20011 posizione centralissimo camere comode bagni grandi con vista sulla Fifth Avenue linea cortesia abbondante e gradevolissima, spugne meravigliose mini bar gratuito per tutto il tuo soggiorno rimpiazzano ogni giorno ristorante francese e italiano 1 stella michelin centrobenessere grande palestra grande personale gentile 
3997 Erica was very hospitable and spoke to everyone entering the establishment.She helped us with any question we had concerning everything from room service to attractions in the Houston area. Service was great. The room was clean, and our stay was great. 
3998 If you get a room on a high floor which has been remodeled, this is an excellent hotel for the money. We were referred here and have stayed twice, and they have been very pleasant and kind. Comfortable, old-NY hotel. 
3999 Bigger rooms than usual in NYC. Nice cool lobby, bars, terrace and breakfast room. Great location. Expensive breakfast and extra services. 
4000 Great hotel for the location in NY, rooms are very small but nicely designed and comfortable. Service could be better. 
4001 Great Queen, Queen suite, quite, spacious for NY standards, LOVED the roof terrace for a cold beer at night.............. good location for exploring the City without staying in the middle of the hassle... close to shops, eateries and Central Park 
4002 I had a very bad experience in the hotel, in particular with thair manager on duty (Robert Grippo). For instance, the hotel did not honor the reservation rate, even though it was re-confirmed at checkin. Afterwards, Mr Grippo handled the situation with no professionalism. 
4003 This hotel is filthy and has bed bugs. They are also overpriced. Avoid at all costs !!! The bed bugs are not worth it !!! 
4004 My room on the 6th floor was a great size, and I loved the bed. The staff is stellar at cool botique hotel, its funky but still sophisticated.... 
4005 I love the Westin for its convenient location to Penn Station, its excellent rooms, and its friendly staff. I always stay there if in mid-town. 
4006 Charming, warm, comfortable, european b&b feel, immaculately clean, wonderful staff, more than accomodating, a real "find", and right in the heart of Times Square. Will stay there again, without any question. 
4007 Estuve en este hotel en dos oportunidades Tiene un excelente servicio, EXCELENTE. Tanto el personal de la recepcion, las mucamas, los que reciben el equipaje, el gerente. Son todos amables y dispuestos a ayudar en todo momento. Las habitaciones son espaciosas, muy bien decoradas y elegantes. Lo recomiendo ampliamnete. 
4008 Excellent stay. Friendly staff. Wonderful location. Very spacious room with renovated bathroom. Excellent fitness facility - and a rooftop pool. 
4009 Overall a good choice in a great neighborhood, but the hotel needs some updating. Our room was spacious (actually turned out to be two rooms) and quiet. We will definitely stay there again when visiting Lakeview. 
4010 Hotel moderno,pessoal atencioso,varias opcoes de alimentacao por perto. O unico defeito e o tamanho do quarto,que poderia ser maior. 
4011 The Pure Clean Air Floor was terrific. Very comfortable, clean and convenient hotel. Staff was great and very accomodating. 
4012 I liked the place! Theres a good gym, clean rooms verywella located. If youdontlike the breakfast (or the price of it) there's a very good option beside the hotel. I would stay there again! 
4013 1 night stay but excellent throughout, from rapid checkin and checkout to a clean, spacious, well designed room and friendly design touches throughout. Love the cartoons on the screen in the lift - bye bye CNN! 
4014 Hotel was perfectly decent. Even at -20C the rooms were comfortable. 
4015 Hotel posizionato vicino all'Empire State Building, la posizione permette un facile accesso alle varie zone della citta, metropolitana a poca distanza. Costo medio, abbastanza tranquillo, buona pulizia, no internet free, non serve la prima colazione ma intorno ci sono diversi posti per la prima colazione. Personale disponibile e cordiale. 
4016 I sent in a review in May and the rating is not showing up properly for this hotel 
4017 The rating should have been excellent and only showed as a 1 vs a 5. Please correct this error on my review and repost. Thanks Dale Nelson 
4018 Very nice place to stay. Very friendly people, attentive to my needs. Would stay here again 
4019 Abbiamo scelto questo hotel per le ottime recensioni di trip-advisor e confermiamo tutto ! Un cenno ai letti davvero speciali, sembrano delle nuve. A due passi la St Patrick cathedral e central park (oltre all'Apple Store di NY, da vedere ..) 
4020 Very lovely, quiet, cool decor, great location. Spent 3 nights there with my sister and mother in one of their suites. our New York friends thought it was a great find. we were thrilled. 
4021 Excellent service, great bathrooms, nice room good size for NY. Concierge very helpfull, close to everything and still very quiet. We were there for 7 night and it was fantastic, would definetly go back. 
4022 Imagine a bed with four walls around it... no chair, no desk. Nice gym, library, bar, but at most this is adequate for one guest staying one night. 
4023 Right by Penn Station, so it makes it so accessible. The rooms are small, but as expected for NYC. 
4024 Excet for 19.50 charge that I didn't make which got corrected, this was perfect perfect. great location, quiet, good for sleeping, near everything 
4025 This is a great hotel ! It is situated so near Times Square - nice to have a walk in the evening. People at the reception and from guest relations are really friendly and very helpfull ! I would certainly recommend this hotel ! 
4026 This hotel needs a little TLC. Possibly some updating, and I was not at all impressed with the service I have come to expect from Hilton hotels. 
4027 The hotel is quite huge, located in an excellent location close to many restaurants and shops area. the rooms are quite big, clean and nicely maintained. In general my experience was good there, and I would return back if I go to Chicago to that hotel. 
4028 I stayed at the hotel 2 nights and rented 2 rooms. The service from top to bottom was great! Friendly staff. The rooms were elegant and extremely clean. 
4029 i stayed there in sep 2010 it a lovely hotel very tidy and they give us a great room overlooking the hudson nice staff they give us the room at no e cost would stay there again 
4030 Excellent stay, great location. Front desk agents were friendly and helpful. Incredible Staff. 
4031 Amazing hotel. Loved the location. Can't find a better burger in the world. 
4032 Great location in Times Square, and an attractive, new hotel with nice suite rooms; but the walls are so thin that we could hear conversations in adjoining rooms. An unfortunate flaw in an otherwise very nice suite hotel. 
4033 Part of Hyatt chain. Hip and high tech yet friendly, helpful staff. OK restaurant. 
4034 The Park Savoy is pretty basic. The room is small but functional; the same is true for the bathroom. What it lacks in charm and character it makes up for in price and location. 
4035 My stay in Chicago was wonderful, and the staff @ the W was definitely part of it. Especially Laurelin Hefter making me feel comfortable with a capital C. Thx, Paul Nazari 
4036 Would definitely stay here again. Great location, great restaurants(burger joint and Normas!) Friendly staff, great facilities. Rooms need improving by removing obtrusive tube TVs/columns from middle of room and replacing with flat screens. Would make nice rooms even better and more spacious. Small complaint, otherwise love hotel. 
4037 Excellent location next to Ground Zero and Century 21 - friendly staff - could do with a better restaurant choice! Good breakfast and excellent views. Overall good experience in the heart of the Financial District 
4038 I have stayed here numerous times and never been disappointed. The staff is helpful but not overbearing. The location is fantastic. The price is right. It is clean and the business center is in a living room! 
4039 I am hilton diamond vip member, and we only get room upgrade and breakfast in starbucks. I was surprised that there is no executive lounge like the other Hilton hotels. 
4040 Great staff, will assist you with any query and arrange tickets for any event you want. Rooms small but clean. Breakfast- plenty to eat. The location of this place is great. The reception staff is the best. Very good value for money. 
4041 The room was clean.Bed was nice.They are kind & nice. Moreover the location is great.It is middle of central park and Times Square. Nearby MOMA too. The cost-performance is great. 
4042 Good value for its location and very spacious room. Within walking distance to Chinatown. The room is very basic but free WiFi is a plus! 
4043 I stayed here for 5 nights with my girlfriend and while the rooms are tiny, it is well located, the staff are friendly and it is reasonably priced. 
4044 Make reservations online -look for specials deals or promotions 
4045 We loved the Blackstone! Complimentary wine, cheese and crackers for our birthdays. All the staff were great. Very comfortable room. 
4046 Stayed at the hotel over the festive period and could not fault it. The rooms are really big and beds comfortable. Free wifi throughout our stay. Staff were helpful and hotel near to attractions. Would recommend staying here. 
4047 Go for a quick run on lakeshore or walk a few steps to the magnificent mile. Perfect place for business travelers, I have stayed at this hotel numerous times. The staff is always polite, accommodating and service is top notch. 
4048 the dept of housing , not to mention a few other authorities, should come here to check things out. in seriious need of inspecition 
4049 The hotel is great and it has a Starbucks on it. I really enjoyed my stay there. 
4050 Huge hotel, too much wait at the elevators, long hallways. Good breakfast though, ask for a room near the elevators. 
4051 A fabulous location, sophisticated service, huge guest rooms and fantastic bathrooms. The best concierge in NYC- Tina & Helen are absolutely superb. I keep going back and every time it gets better & better. 
4052 This hotel was just fine. Nothing fancy, no complaints. Clean, staff was helpful, internet didn't work, but we used an unsecured link instead of the Best Western one and it worked. Ate at the attached restaurant for breakfast and everything was good. 
4053 This hotel is very well located. Rooms are a bit small but ok for 3days. Clean, quiet. Restaurant near the hotel is very good ! 
4054 A very good location,close to Macy's and the Empire State,if you are not going to spend any time in your hotel room and you do not mind cramped conditions then this hotel is fine bit no room to put cases etc and very claustrophobic. 
4055 unser zimmer war wohl eines der kleinsten ging aber hinten raus deshalb sehr ruhig nicht viel komfort aber sehr sauber gemeinschaftsbad wurde oft gereinigt super lage fuer den preis perfekt wuerden es wieder buchen wegen lage preis u.ruhe 
4056 They stored our luggage before check in, got us cabs and the rooms are sooo spacious by NYC standards !and loved the bathroom. What more can anyone ask for! :D Affordable when travelling with a group. Good location as well. 
4057 This is a quiet, cozy and comfortable property in a great location in Midtown/Theatre District. Rooms are very small, but efficient and clean - design means something here. Excellent breakfast - both for food and space. Amenities and staff are wonderful. We've stayed several times and have never been disappointed. 
4058 The front desk is very helpful!thanks Drita! The enrivonment is nice! People here is helpful. 
4059 Great front desk service by Elizabeth. Great location! 
4060 Very close to broadway and subway station. Nice deal. I spent 5 nights in New York and i used the subway all the time. Nearby there are good restaurants and facilities. I sincerly recommend this hotel. 
4061 Great staff and very nice property. The rooms are small, but not unexpectedly so. Right near Penn Station and Madison Square garden. Will stay here again. 
4062 This hotel is awesome! Wonderful breakfast included in the price. Excellent location, an easy walk (2 blocks) from Penn Station and good walk to Times Square. Clean rooms and decent size for NYC. Do not hesitate to book this hotel!! It's the best! 
4063 A very nice hotel, superb location, very friendly staff, very clean, nice room, good (complimentary) breakfast buffet 
4064 Stayed 17 days at this enjoyable hotel,great staff all around encounter somewhat problems with my roadies but the staff went out to be reasonably great. Thank you staff..a very nice and spacious rooms, breakfast room great. Pool ,,whirlpool. Great just great all around .. 
4065 Clean rooms, right opposite Macy's. Easy access to WiFi. Great base to explore New York 
4066 this was a good hotel ... staff friendly and bedrooms comfortable.. i would reccomend this to hotel to familys. near to everything. 
4067 Small boutique hotel with lovely linens. Rooms were VERY tight and the shower even tighter. Like don't drop the soap because there's no way to bend over to retrieve it. Entertainment in the lounge area was quite good. Staff was very friendly. Centrally located. 
4068 I live in Manhattan. This stay was a "business retreat" for me to get out of my home office. The place is cozy, just like a small studio in Chelsea. The staff is extremely friendly. Make you feel like your in your own apartment building. Breakfast sun deck is amazing! 
4069 Classic hotel. Difficult to navigate, hard to figure out where you are. My room was small and noisy, located immediately adjacent to the elevator shaft...could hear the elevators whizzing up and down all night. Staff was very courteous. 
4070 the price was right and the room was small but just fine. 
4071 Highly recommended due to its location near major attractions and the lake. Rooms were clean and nicely laid out, the bathroom was A+. 
4072 Looks OK and well located. A group of us were staying and the general feedback was the same - tired rooms in need of updating. Bathrooms particularly small. Staff good. 
4073 This was a very clean hotel in the middle of Manhattan. The staff was very friendly. Within walking distance of practically everything. There was also what seemed like a major subway station a couple blocks away. Will definitely stay here again in the future. 
4074 Generally a great Holiday Inn and would recommend it to all. As others have said, looks and smells new. Only bad side, it is in a "Hotel Circle" and the airport shuttle is shared by 9 hotels, so the service is a little slow with 1 shuttle per 20-30 minutes. 
4075 We only stayed one night but would definitely stay again. Subway station right out front was very convenient. Room was traditional, spacious with a fully tiled bathroom. Staff was friendly and efficient. 
4076 Upgraded to a beautiful suit with balcony overlooking empire state building 
4077 great locale, friendly staff, close to everything!!! great for seeing a show, in the heart of the theatre district,close to shopping.... take a train the Penn Station and forget the car!!! 
4078 This was our 2nd stay in this hotel, clean rooms, microwave and fridge, friendly people. You can't regulate the heat, but most of the time it was comfortable. Will stay here again. 
4079 The room was OK. BUT...location, service, and price combined made an excellent value. I plan to stay there again soon because I am a budget minded traveler. The hotel bar was very nice. The restaurant however was small and unremarkable. 
4080 The rooms are small (even for NY), furniture and rug is worn out, walls and trim is chipped and beaten up, bathroom is smaller than the closet and the heat isn't adjustable... we melted even with the window fully open. This hotel is disappointing, go somewhere else. 
4081 Great hotel, great room and bed - BUT the hotel is just upside Manhattan Bridge, and trains are running over it every minute - didnt get much sleep there, so only if you are a deaf person or can sleep in 91 decibels noise - then book this hotel! 
4082 Good: Fantastic view from the room and a super location. Bad: Being forced to pay for Internet is very bad Paying for things in the Club Lounge is not part of good service 
4083 Thanks to everybody who made our stay special. We went there for weekends with another couple and we had two rooms. They let us check in earlier, late check-out. Everyone were just so nice and helpful!!! Now this is my favorite place to stay in Chicago!!! 
4084 We just came back fro a 12 night stay at the Time in NYC and the overal experience was wonderful. The room was clear, comfortable and location was fantatsic.Definately wl be back. 
4085 A bit different from the usual Hilton experience, better bar, better food, great staff. Conveniently located for either uptown or downtown. 
4086 Large spacious room. Exciting artwork in the lobby. Cool bar. Peaceful, pleasant terrace restaurant. Great location within easy walking distance to Soho and the village. 
4087 This hotel is a great value for NYC. I spent 2 nights here recently and it was comfortable, convenient and safe. The subway, shopping and restaurants are a short walk away. Freindly and helpful at the front desk. I will definitely return. 
4088 If you can deal with a double bed this is very clean hotel in a good location. The room is very small but had every thing that we needed. We would stay here again. 
4089 We had a wonderful experience and stay at the Jewel! Very clean rooms, smooth check in and added bonus of the free filtered water on each floor. The location is perfect and was exactly where we wanted to be. I would definitely stay there again! 
4090 The Warwicks location can't be beat. Nice room, comfortable bed, What more can you ask for. Staff were helpful and they have a computor room to print out airline tickets etc. Didn't eat at hotel but bar was good. 
4091 Excellent quality and very friendly in a location spot on for our UN-Conference. I would be happy to return both for busines and pleasure. 
4092 Great location and beautiful building but......Apartment 4609, Streeter Building, leaves alot to be desired. 3 bedroom, 3 bath with only one television, no pictures on walls, no headboards, no dressers in bedrooms and in need of paint. Nice staff but I suggest you try a different place. 
4093 must say the hotel was in a great spot. plenty of eating places in this area ( little italy chinatown )rooms are very small like most in NY. Our breakfast was allways cold .the staff were allways helpful. Brilliant area to stay in. 
4094 I love staying here! it feels like coming home. Everyone is so friendly and helpful and the ambience is perfect. Room service is amazing. Love it!!! 
4095 The only good thing about the place was that the bed was comfy. Shame as the building is great and a refurb would make the hotel FAB! Location is perfect. 
4096 Prima locatie vlakbij metrostation. Ruime kamers. Wel lekkende douchekraan, stinkende gangen en minimaal anderhalf uur wachten als je aankomt om in te checken. Dat is toch allemaal wel wat minder. Uitchecken gaat wel lekker vlot. 
4097 This was a nice hotel, but it was too spendy for what you received. First complaint, wireless was not free. Seriously? Room was pretty small. Other than that, the room was nice and location with being right on Michigan Avenue was very convenient! 
4098 Hotel was great, as expected. Perfect location within 2mins of Times Square so good for a tourist with little time, you are right at the heart of the City. No complaints, food in shula's great. The best caesar salad I have eaten! Would stay there again. 
4099 We hebben het goed gehad in dit hotel. Heel vriendelijk en behulpzaam personeel! De kamer was klein maar gezellig, alles was aanwezig. We konden internettten en telefoneren. De locatie van het hotel ligt zeer centraal in Manhattan. Aanrader! 
4100 A good little hotel with an excellent location. The room was comfy. A decent, affordable place to stay for your visit to Chicago. I would be willing to stay here again. 
4101 From arrival to departure our stay was perfect. The room was lovely and spacious (for NY). The staff was amazing. Service appears to be their priority. The Rooftop bar was a great "last call", with fantastic views. I highly reccomend this place. 
4102 Very helpful and friendly staff. Superb room. Very central located hotel 
4103 there are no words that can describe how amazing the service / room / experience and location. i guess even " Perfect " is an understatement. 
4104 So nice to find a hotel with a genuin historical background, excellent staff and a cat to guard the reception! The 44th street is not crowded, but close to Times Square and Metro stations. The hotel is just renovated and feels clean and fresh. 
4105 My husband and I loved the time we spent in this hotel, it is near Broadway and we could walk to everywhere we wanted. I booked an evolution room, which was great, big and comfy, really nice with a great view. We just loved our stay. 
4106 Staff were really helpful and friendly, hotel itself was lovely (clean and comfortable). Within 5mins walk of Macy's and 10mins to Times Square. Only issue was with noisy air con, but it's to be expected with an older building. Would highly recommend to anyone going to NYC, great value. 
4107 Renee was great and couldn't have helped any more. She hooked us up with a taxi and some sweet laundry service. Victor got us an awesome room and told us the hotspots downtown. 
4108 I have choose to stay in this hotel a few times during my visit in NYC. I have to congratulated the staff and the hotel for and amazing service, great rooms great bar atmosphere. 
4109 my husband and I stayed here in july 20 - 26, i totally recommend this hotel, staff was very helpfull, the hotel very clean and in a great location. you can walk to columbus circle station, central park, times square.. i'll love to stay here again. 
4110 The best hotel in New York. My family and I have stayed at all the top hotels in the city. Without question Trump is the best. Location, rooms,service cannot be topped. 
4111 Best Hotel in NY! Great service, very nice location and cozy rooms! I'll come back as soon as possible! 
4112 The location was awesome, right in the middle of everything, convenient to anything i wanted. Then the staff was accomodating and supre nice and helpful. The room and hotel grounds were very clean and beautifully decorated and set up. My friend and i had a very good experience here. 
4113 We were greeted and assisted by very helpful and friendly staff. Our room was clean and the bed was really comfy. Having a free breakfast to start the next day was a nice perk! We will stay here again when we are back in this area of NYC. 
4114 I was really pleasantly surprised with this property. While it is only a few blocks away from the craziness of times square, this hotel is clean, quiet and organized. Rooms are also decent size for NYC. Thumbs up, really 
4115 We stayed in 21/29 September 2011. In the checkout, baggage handlers broke my friend's new iPad. The hotel security industry noted the data, promised to solve the problem and still no answer. Rooms too small. 
4116 Great location! Great staff! Comfy room, not large but enough space and very nice. Near everything and if you get a room high up and in the back it's very quiet--except for the pigeons! :) Loved it, will stay again for sure! 
4117 The room was very clean and everything was in working order. TVs in every room. Close to many restaurants, shopping, and downtown. The full breakfast was very good with eggs, sausage, fruits, muffins, etc. Friendly staff, easy check-in, and check-out. Will stay here again. 
4118 Was greeted warmly in this great hotel. Great location. Can walk to a lot of areas. Clean, quiet rooms. Will definitely stay when I'm in NYC. 
4119 thought it was pricey but it is the Carlton and man oh man do they know that! room was not too large but was great, clean. I expected a lot more luxury for my money. 
4120 Great location in proxemity to Michigan Ave. shopping. Hotel was very contemporary & inviting. Rooms are spacious, clean & comfortable. Staff was friendly & accomdating. 
4121 If you want a place to stay downtown Chicago with a reasonable price, Ohio House Motel is perfect match for that purpose. 
4122 Yeme (front desk clerk) was extremely helpful and kind. Refrigerator and microwave were brought to our room, by request. Room looks newly renovated. Furniture is nice and bed is comfortable. Plenty of lighting in room. Free internet. Only negative...Several hairs in the bathtub. 
4123 Very friendly check-in staff left a positive first impression, not to mention a room upgrade because my reserved (smaller) room was not available. Clean and comfortable, in a very convenient location only a few blocks from Grand Central. 
4124 You really can't beat the price of this older hotel. It's clean, it's tiny, but it's the perfect place to stay. I've stayed here twice and I would stay there again! 
4125 The service with every staff member we came in contact with was very friendly. The "Yotel" was modern and very clean. The food was unique and tasty. The location was great and we could walk to just about everywhere from this location. I highly recommend this hotel for any stay!!! 
4126 This was our 3rd stay in On The Ave. This boutique hotel is comfortable, both in atmosphere and accommodations. The staff is very helpful, especially Maria at the Front Desk. We always feel very welcome here. Thank you! 
4127 It was a great location! We could walk everywhere. We felt very safe. The hotel was very festive and fun. The staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel was clean and secure. We enjoyed our stay and would definitely recommend it to others. 
4128 Stayed 4 nights for a birthday weekend in NYC. Chose this hotel because of its location. However, Darius made our stay amazing. It's hard to find people who care in NYC, and he is someone who definitely makes a difference. 
4129 The Swissotel is connected to the building that houses our Chicago office, so it's very convenient for me. The rooms are stylish and clean, and I had a nice view of the lake, river, and Navy Pier. I would stay again. 
4130 The staff was rude, the rooms were disgusting and dingy and while the prices were relatively cheap (in this very expensive city), they were not worth the room. The staff gives New Yorkers a bad reputation. But NY is still a wonderful city, just stay somewhere else! 
4131 Our room was disgusting from Dec. 9 through Dec. 15. We found blood splatters on the bedspreads, walls, sheets and mattresses. The place was filthy! Stains all over. Elevator stopped on level M and we stared back at a cement wall! I would NEVER stay in this hotel. 
4132 Stayed here for New Years 2012. No major complaints. Was upgraded to a suite. The room was spacious with modern decore. Only downside was that I had to have housekeeping re-clean the room upon arrival.There were M&M mashed on the carpet. 
4133 I stay in this hotel frequently the staff is incredible even if it's months between visits the don't forget you. There is a great restaurant there and it it a block away from my meeting place. 
4134 Good location. Very safe area. The hotel met our expectations. It was very clean and the staff was helpful. Free wireless internet, where other hotels charged. The self parking was right across the street, which we used instead of valet. We will stay there again if the price is right! 
4135 Ideally placed from Times Square and to visited Manhattan. Nice staff and available. Spacious and comfortables rooms. 
4136 We recently stayed at the Bentley Hotel in NYC for 5 nights, we had a blast. Great hotel with with great service. Rooms are large for a NY hotel.. Will be back 
4137 I love the location of the hotel. The staff was extremely helpful, it was unbelievably clean and had great accomodations. I highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again. 
4138 finally had a chance to take the weekend off. got to the hotel and everything was just great- the room, the fitness center, and the great service by the staff. I especially would like to thank Elizabeth from the front desk who was very helpfull to us with our needs. 
4139 We loved NYC, but felt the "Mike" was a bit ordinary for the price. The location is great, byt the staff was pretty ho-hum about everything from checking in, to AM hot coffee, to PM bar. Our first time stayting there.we wont be back 
4140 Convenient to IC medical center. Old, run down, equipment does not work.Should have been torn down years ago. 
4141 We where there during Tanksgiving, it was verry bussy but the people from the hotel did everything so that we had a great time, From the reception (Thank you Gregory) you are an example for how it should be! to the breakfast etc... one word great ! 
4142 Great Hotel in NYC. Reasonably prices and in a great location. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Would definatley recommend. This was our first time in NYC and we felt completely safe in this neighbourhood Thankyou for a wounderful stay 
4143 It was an OK Hotel, Hard to find at first so write down the address! Nice lobby and bar but rooms are small. I had a large room and it was still small. Free Wi-fi in Lobby only. 3.5 / 5 
4144 Close to the action of Times Square without the noise and traffic right outside your window. The staff treat you like family. Great attitude and always looking to ensure your full satisfaction. Lisa at the lobby bar is the best of the best. 
4145 This is a fantastic hotel. The service was great, the room (suite) was amazing and the luxury of the whole hotel was so good. They made us feel very special and my advice would be to book a suite if you can afford it as it was so worth it. 
4146 Very impressed with this Hotel. Excellent location handy for the subway system and five minutes from the ESB. Clean and comfortable with a good continental breakfast. Glorious view from the roof terrace. 
4147 Rooms are small, so small, with no view. Room service : 1st day, 1 hour and 20 minutes to get a coffee. 2nd day, 35 minutes to get a cold expresso at ... $18.40. There are so many options in NYC, including other W hotels, stay away from this one. 
4148 I traveled to Chicao to celebrate a cousins birthday and wished I had read the reviews before staying here. Rude hotel staff and "way" outdated hotel. BTW, why have a swimming pool if it's BROKE!!!! On the plus side, the jazz band on Friday was great. 
4149 hotel elegante in centro ma non troppo vicinissino al centro ma appartato, stanze grandi spaziose e silenziosissime, da ritornarci sicuramente, staff gentilissimo 
4150 The location is great, lobby is nice, the beds were comfortable. That's about it. The hotel was clean but the rooms and hallways need updating. We paid $400 for one night, ridiculous. Will NOT return here. 
4151 The W's staff were very friendly and helpful, the rooms were comfortable and clean. The style and color was calming. The location was prefect for our downtown visit. Thanks to Eden Bernal for making our trip so wonderful. 
4152 we had a corner room on 39 level Very good room and view and very good bed. 
4153 Nice size room. Exceptional service from a friendly staff. Hotel was selected by the Company. The hotel was busy!!! 
4154 This is a hotel that is clearly on it's way down. Nice and convenient location, but the interior is grotty. Bed is comfortable and clean. Room and elevators have a musty smell and it's all very faded and well past it's best. 
4155 Room was not clean and generally unappealing but was in a great location, Not my first choice but OK for a nights sleep in a pinch. 
4156 Great hotel, massive. Information desk for tickets, restaurant was a great help. Only downside was promised king size and gave double. Large room, small bed. 
4157 Ladies weekend getaway! Excellent Service, comfortable rooms, awesome 7th floor lounge, great DJ and staff!!! Perfect location. Would stay there again in a heart beat! Blue Fin restaurant was fantastic! 
4158 Ottimo servizio, personale cordiale, belle camere, vista su Cetral Park, piscina, solarium, ottimi collegamenti metro', bus e sei vicino a tutto!!! Da consigliare 
4159 Excellent stay - corner room we got upgraded- staff very pleasant Our room had a huge bath and a special toilet that was a new experience Don't forget to bow to the front desk person easy access to subway get a egg sandwich on Madison 
4160 Nuestro cuarto estaba muy amplio, el hotel esta bien cuidado y lo mejor es la ubiacion muy cerca de central y times, la 5ta etc etc, muy recomendable! la limpieza es muy buena, es caro pero por la ubicacion y la limpieza lo vale. 
4161 Just behind Time's Square so lots of places to eat and drink. Lovely staff who were happy to keep our luggage until 3pm after checkout as we had a tour and were incredibly helpful in ordering a shuttlebus to Newark airport. Clean and great location. 
4162 I loved to stay there!! Great location beside The Grand Central Station 
4163 All hotel staff was very helpful and courteous. I will go back certainly! 
4164 In posizione strategica. Tutto bene, eccetto che per la mancanza di una connessione a internet gratuita. Nonostante la camera fosse al 32 piano si sentivano i rumori del traffico sottostante, pur se molto attenuati. Di buon livello il ristorante-steakhouse. Un ottimo albergo moderno, forse un po' freddo. 
4165 Once we arrived they want to charge $120+ per night extra to deliver what they promised via phone 2 x.s. Don't fall there bait and switch tactics. 
4166 The room was NOT as represented on their web site. Staff is very uncoperative. I will never recommend this hotel. 
4167 Incredibly small room; there were no closets and even hardly any space to put our suitcases. The phone wasn't working and housekeeping usually didn't do the room until late in the afternoon. Nice staff though, but I wouldn't recommend it. 
4168 We found this hotel by chance after being left out by scumbag illegal apartment rentals and thank god for that, excellent location, very clean rooms, TV, quiet street. Bathroom was shared but after all we were happy to have a roof over our heads for a fair price. 
4169 Great location, great value, CLEAN rooms and bathrooms. We stayed over Sunday night and I couldn't believe the price! It was cheaper than staying in a random town. Staff was super friendly and very professional. Definitely recommend! From our window, we had an awesome view of the Empire State Building!!! 
4170 Fantastic stay with attentive staff. The manager is very accomodating and thoughtful. The facilities are very clean and welcoming. I would recommend this hotel to everyonr I know when they are visiting Houston, TX. Thanks: Ken 
4171 Really an excelent hotel!!! I do recommend it! Very friendly people, very comfortable and clean. Excelent! 
4172 Spend the weekend at the Rafaello. We had a suite for $207/night. Nice, but nothing exceptional. Rooms were clean and well furnished. You can park in the garage 1 block east of the hotel for $26/night. Who still charges for the internet? Extremely small elevators. 
4173 Poor service - staff with a bad attitude. Computer check in is not acceptable. Waiting on line to be greeted by a computer. Restaurant is too expensive for what you get and staff is far from friendly. Had to beg for bread which was stale and thrown at me. 
4174 Returned to the W New York last week and my stay was great as usual. They upgraded my room based on my spg platinum status. Returning again in a few weeks. Great hotel and awesome location. 
4175 The hotel is perfectly located for shopping, dining and use of the subway. Great service when cheking in, and the beds were very good. Breakfast is better in a Diner. Breakfast at the hotel is just the minimum and is not recomended. 
4176 We loved this hotel, really central, great service. A little noisy and you can hear the underground trains, but its so convenient its worth putting up with that. Great restaurant next door too! 
4177 Our stay at the 91 Hotel was really good. Rooms were tidy, not too much noise from the nearby bridge, close to subway stations etc. Good value for your money! 
4178 Right from the check in I experienced rudeness and a condescending attitude. Room was shabby and need of serious upgrades. Carpet was dingy. Old furniture and towels were YMCA rejects. Got the impression that the hotel did not have the funds to keep it up. Stay somewhere else! 
4179 The hotel's location was awsome. Great private room with shower for low price. Excellent value for money. 
4180 What's wrong with this hotel... Absolutely nothing. This place was perfect top to bottom. The room was spotless and huge. The staff was fantastic especially Mohammed the door man. What are you waiting for ?Book your room now. Request room 911. Kareem 
4181 Fantastic location. Interesting rooms. Great small hotel surrounded by massive, less personal hotels. Though expensive, had a wonderful meal at Pelago. Got a very good deal on Jetsetter.com for the rooms. 
4182 A comfortable, older, more European-style hotel that gives the best value in Midtown. 
4183 The room was a bit dusty and small but the hotel has a FANTASTIC LOCATION... for a very reasonable fee, too. Times Square is about 10 steps away ! The hotel bar serves great breakfasts ...GREAT STUFF !!! 
4184 Hotel sale, etat des chambres est douteux, personnel desagreable, chambres minuscules. Hotel bien situe mais a quel prix ! Rapport qualite prix non justifie. A eviter ou verifier l avancee de certaines chambres en processus de renovation 
4185 Great Chicago lodging. I was in the city for training and hiked all over the city - in the winter - from this location. The hotel was great. Be certain to have Paul make you a "Vespers" martini. 
4186 My wife and I had stayed at other W hotels and other hotels in NYC. This is the nicest one. The staff really made us feel welcome and catered to our every need. Great food, Great location and beutiful lobby and rooms. Enjoy. Jim 
4187 Charming, nicely decorated hotel, with the idealy positioned to discover NYC. Some points for which I don't grade them with a 5 is: - heating is off (cold) or on (very hot) nothing in between. - experienced to much trouble to get on the internet 
4188 It's the worst hotel I stayed in my life.Dirty, no hair dryer, no internet in the room. The alarm is beeping all the time. The bathroom is leaking. The worst thing is there are bugs in the room. 
4189 This hotel is ideal for the business traveler. The location is convenient and the property and rooms are attractive, quiet, comfortable and extremely clean. The service staff is exceptionally courteous, especially the front-desk managers Jim and Peter, who are attentive. polite and informative. 
4190 Location is great, Service is great, My room was spacious and comfortable, the bed facilitated a great night's sleep. The shower and bathroom were wonderful. The only drawback is outlets in the room. I was a tad disappointed at the access points for the electrical outlets. 
4191 Good location, but room and amenities are somewhat dated. In their defense they are remodeling through 2013. The staff was very nice. The location is within easy walking distance of Central Park, Times Square, or Rockerfeller plaza. 
4192 This hotel has a great location-close to major freeway. Restaurants are around. Hotel is very neat and clean. Staffs are polite, nice, and very helful. Price is affordable-value... I will comeback!! 
4193 Free WIFI, stay with Style with this cool hotel. very good service by the local staff. OK size rooms, Good lounge and the Gallery in every floor is one of the best thing ever! Try to get a bigger room in the sides of the hotels 
4194 Really nice hotel with wonderful views. The price was really good for Newyork and very close to the subway 
4195 Restaurant was very good althou a bit on the pricy side. Loved the fact that they had bottled water available 24 hours. 
4196 super hotel tres branche mais menage des chambres neglige 
4197 I think that the hotel should invest in a microwave and coffee maker i every room. 
4198 Room smelled like stale cigarettes. But, we opened the windows and burned a candle when we were in the room which helped alot. Property is clean and staff is friendly. Mattress needs to be replaced... big dip in the middle of the bed. Location is very good. 
4199 Each year I stay here when I attend the RSNA conference and find it wonderful. The hotel is the perfect place to stay after a long day at the conference.The lobby is relaxing and the rooms are quiet and warm. I love the river view. 
4200 Camera deluxe inadeguata piccola senza poltroncina il bagno si allagava ,porte e finestre inadeguate entrava troppa luce durante la notte camere rumorose positivo le lenzuola e federe.personale disponibile la nh dovrebbe restaurarlo.prezzo inadeguato. 
4201 Un po' scomodo in quanto lontano dalla metro ma ottimo rapporto qulita' prezzo! Le camere un po' piccole ma abbastanza pulite. La colazione abbastanza completa con dolce e salato, posto forse un po' piccolo. Va benissimo per chi ha intenzione di vivere new york e non l'Albergo! 
4202 This property has all the amenities a business traveler is looking for-location, rate, and quality of service. I will stay again and again and again.... 
4203 We stayed at the RC for our first wedding anniversary. We got a great deal for a harbor-view room and the accomodations were really beautiful. One complaint 
4204 Upon our departure from the hotel, we waited over one hour for the valet to retrieve our car - Horrible! 
4205 great location in downtown houston, close to restaurants and ballpark. clean and well-kept. great value for the money. quiet. staff are helpful and polite. my preferred hotel when traveling to downtown houston. 
4206 I booked this hotel through Priceline for $50 a night. Rooms are clean, comfortable and modern. Bathroom is spacious. Great gym available. Location is ok. Located near Houston Hobby Airport. No good restaurants nearby. Overall good stay! 
4207 We stayed in Park 79 Hotel for 6 nights. The room was small, but clean and overall satisfactory, the price in consideration. Busses and metro is close by, and plenty of good restaurants in the neighborhood. 
4208 I took my girlfriend to NYC for a weekend away...and it was a great hotel. We had a room on the 22nd floor, and even as a Platinum member with Starwood, I would highly recommend this property...the staff are great and very friendly and greet you coming and going! 
4209 Amazing hotel with great views, clean, good location, and Starbuck at the corner 
4210 Very nice hotel, not the most fabulous but nice enough. The staff were very helpful and pleasant. The only thing was the cleanliness of the bathroom and the window was broken. Otherwise could place to sight see from lots around and easy access to transportation. 
4211 I had a wonderful stay in this hotel. The room was perfect and spacious considering its NYC-times square location. Pete at the check in desk was more than accommodating and was extremely helpful. This place is a great deal. 
4212 My sister and I stayed here for a couple nights and had a blast. We had my little chihuahua w/us and got in trouble for taking her out for a walk in Highline Park. Otherwise the stay was lovely! Great galleries and shopping. Fun sister trip! 
4213 Classy NY style on very floor. I am a diamond member and wished they had a lounge for gold and diamond members. Breakfast is super, the bar on the lobby floor is a nice touch. Staff was very nice and let me have an early check in! 
4214 I would recommed anybody to stay at yotel hotel great service good location and the most amazing view I have ever seen in mylife. 
4215 Best Bits: Location, great bar, stylish rooms, close to fab shops in Columbus Circle, Loved the gym & pool Down side: Staff can be a bit distant, room service prices are the highest I have ever known, make sure you book a room overlooking Central Park 
4216 Great hotel with great sports bar. Very clean and comfortable rooms. A bit pricey, but you are 5 minutes to midway. 
4217 I enjoyed my stay at the InterContinental NY Barclay, the room was VERY Clean. And the lobby very nice. They also have a nice bar. 
4218 Stayed one week at The Roosevelt. Overall, very nice hotel. Conveniently located right across from GCS. Check-in/out was a breeze. Room was clean and spacious. Bit on the noisy side. Would recommend this hotel. 
4219 Location was great, just blocks from Times Square. Room was fairly large, with a huge bathroom. The only complaint was the elevators - there was always a line waiting on the elevators. 
4220 People,people, people, i seriously thought i was on candid camera when i entered my room. I mean sure it's a $70 room but thinking about it i should of saved my money and slept in central park. Please don't book there, you'll do yourself a favor. 
4221 Stayed here with my parents, the hotel whilst being a big hotel has a very cosy feel to it. The lobby is quite small so not intimidating , worked well for my parents :) The staff are really friendly and the location is great. Slept really well here. 
4222 What an amazing hotel this is! over two thousand rooms and the staff are great. 17th floor and in the centre of everything. Very expensive but worth every penny.Bedroom had two Queensize beds beatiful bathroom and absolutey spotless. Walked to central park Broadway, empire state, everywhere. 
4223 Fantastic designer pod with all mod cons right in the heart of wine bars, shopping and museums. Friendly efficient staff in a relaxed atmosphere makes this a pleasant stay 
4224 Very central and having the mall right there is very convenient. Super shuttle stops there and takes you to the airport as well! 
4225 Price is very reasonable, service in the breakfast area was outstanding. Room is quite basic but good for the price of the room and clean enough. 
4226 close by from Grand Central (5-10 min walk) and Times squares (15 Min walk) this is a good hotel and the price was decent considering downtown Clean and well Managed, Staff helpfull will be going back and would defenately recommend ! 
4227 The hotel is just perfect. The price is really worth. Attention is the best. Rooms are very clean. It was better than I expected. I don't have to search more hotels for my next stay at NY. 
4228 Super Hotel in bestlage im Diplomatenviertel, Busstation 40 Meter neben Hotel 
4229 Very good stay at New York Palace. Good location and room. Excelent service, especially the concierge. The only problem was the absurd rate they charged to access the internet at the business center. 
4230 The rooms we had were very nice, clean, though smaller than what we are used to in other cities. Staff was excellent. 
4231 The hotel was dirty. Mold in two rooms, hair in the shower, dirty comforters, a/c did not work. I'm a member of the La Quita member program and booked thru the reservation service. 
4232 One of the most spacious hotel rooms you can find! every room feels like a suite and the lemon ricotta pancakes are amazing! check out lavo across the street! Used to stay at the st regis but now stay here every time! 
4233 i've been a great of Trump since i was little.i mean their brand is everywhere and now aside from their New York <a href="http://destinia.com/hotels/en/">hotels</a> they've "colonized" Chicago and Las Vegas. Congrats Donald! You really put the L in luxurious :p 
4234 I am a very happy repeat customer. Love the location and the room. Clean and tranquil. A place with great neighborhood eats and convenient subway access. 
4235 splendida posizione --personale professionale e gentile--bel patio per colazione e terrazzo per la cena--camere essenziali con arredamento di gusto e pulizia--fermata del metro linea 6 a 200 metri--da consigliare vivamente 
4236 2nd stay. Hotel is well located but dont expecte too much. room was musty but you re not in NYC for the hotel rooms! 
4237 Perfecte ligging vlakbij Times Square en metro! Zeer gastvrij personeel. Enige minpunt is de drukte bij het ontbijt en de liften. Soms wat lang wachten. Ontbijt van prima kwaliteit. Complete kamer met heerlijk bed en geweldig uitzicht! 
4238 Was a very good place. Now just average except for great location. 
4239 Very nice hotel in mid-town Manhattan. Large rooms by NYC standards. A little on the pricey side but you can't beat it for location and convenience. Rooms were very clean and service good. Taxi lines during peak times are a nightmare as with most larger hotels. Will definitely return here. 
4240 Veramente comodo bello particolare ma attenzione tutto automatizzato e il personale parla solo un inglese velocissimo.. 
4241 Really enjoyed styaing in this hotel. Close to all major attractions.. not far from Fifth avenue, times square. Very modern and ideal if your visiting New York on a budget! 
4242 When we first walked in it looked nice the bathroom was really dirty and one of the mattresses was in a terrible condition where you pretty much sleep on springs only. The carpet was also stained really bad. Would never stay their again. 
4243 Excellent hotel and the best location in Times Square. Room was very nice with a great view overlooking Times Square. Walking distance to theaters, restaurants, etc. Outstanding staff and service. Will definitely return 
4244 Great location, comfortable beds, relatively clean. Downsides - rooms too small, work out room too small w/ not enough equipment. No swimming pool or complimentary coffee in lobby. 
4245 Check in took 1 hr too get a totally unacceptable room. Requested move and of course more $$$ but worst was the promised noon room was ready at 5pm and took 11/2 hrs to get luggage delivered. Should have stayed at the Palace 
4246 hotel in posizione strategica sia di giorno comodo ai servizi, sia alla sera per i numerosi locali nel quartiere, recentemente ristrutturato con gusto lo consiglio a tutti, viaggiatori alternativi e famiglie pulito e confortevole 
4247 It's a great hotel. I can't think of anything that I could suggest to make it any better. It's what I would expect with the name of Hilton. 
4248 The air conditioner in the original room we got seemed have some problem. After changed to another room, it is very nice! But, there is a problem: the signal of WiFi is too weak, you have to go to the office to use internet. 
4249 Genuinely enjoyed my stay. The location was great and the hotel was very comfortable. Service was incredible. 
4250 Awesome. Everything from the service to the restaurants in the hotel was perfect. 
4251 An excellent hotel in a prime location. The room was faultless as were the staff, the breakfasts were a bonus, all in all great value and we would definitely return. 
4252 My organization hosted our annual event there. The food was delicious and the service was great! This is our second year hosting at this hotel and we plan on returning. 
4253 Very clean&Quiet for being right on 249. Very nice staff and i love that they serve fresh brewed coffee. Decent rate and decent wifi 
4254 Was in New York during Hurricane Sandy and at the Shoreham hotel they made our stay there an enjoyable one. Staff really helpful and kind. Herri was fantastic, always there to please. Will go there again. Location was excellent. 
4255 The location is great ( near Time Square) and you can get a nice price. 
4256 Location was the primary reason for selecting this hotel. Price reflected the convenience. Room was clean and comfortable. Exceptionally quiet for NYC. 
4257 Bathroom was dirt, towels were like sandpaper, shampoo and soap were lousy, bed was noisy, fixtures in the bathroom were falling apart. Lousy Give your business to another establishment...... Love the thompson's starwoods, even Hilton over this place 
4258 Vivere a new York e' very expensive...trovare una sistemazione centrale ad un prezzo competitivo quasi impossibile. Hotel 17 e' l' eccezione! Oltre alla convenienza economica si riscontrano posizione centrale , pulizia, camere piccole ma comode (unica nota negativa e' l'assenza del bagno in camera)...CNA super consigliato! 
4259 We've stayed at the Michelangelo before and this visit was just as satisfying. The staff is friendly and provide great customer service. The rooms are comfortable and very clean. The lobby and entrance make you feel like you're in an Italian museum. Lovely! 
4260 Fantastic rooms, beautiful hotel, excellent location, great service. 
4261 The hotel is in a fantastic location - you can get anywhere in the city easily and quickly. The room was large for NYC standards, and very attractive. The staff answered any questions we had and were very helpful. I highly recommend it! 
4262 Excellent service and best atmosphere where I have been ! Everything fine from customer service to room ad food 
4263 24 hours of filly proffesionals service,Great view and interior and also exterior.Wii came again if will be possible. Thanks for all employees for their work 
4264 Location of this hotel is great for seeing the sights of New York. Big Apple Greeter Group of New York provided us with a lady who took us on a three hour tour and introduced us to New York as seen by a local. Great place to stay. 
4265 Second time i have stayed here. Nice rooms, good service, great aesthetic and awesome location. I was on business but enjoyed the Highline walkway (recommend!) and did a fun run down the bike/run trail along the Hudson toward the World Trade Center (also recommend!). 
4266 great location near time square, subway stations, rooms are tiny but clean, on the downside wifi is not free, staff are good, price is what you expect to pay if your going to live almost on time sqaure 
4267 Very Attentive staff. Comfortable beds. They upgraded us to a 2 bedroom apartment for no additional charge. Didn't want to leave the room but who can ignore New York City....Would definetly stay here again. Special thanks to Dennis at the front desk. He was very helpful! 
4268 The hotel is very well placed for exploring all areas of New York, the service was excellent from all members of staff we encountered and the rooms were more spacious then we were expecting for central New York. 
4269 The Swissotel was modern, clean and well appointed. The views from the upper floors were spectacular. We enjoyed a room upgrade making our business trip really special. The service and amenities were top notch. 
4270 Location is Great, room was dirty, needs a good cleaning. 
4271 We stayed at the Sofitel for a weekend, our first visit there. The service was outstanding. The rooms were good sized for NY and the location was great. It was pricey but a value for NY. We will definitely stay there again. 
4272 Stayed 3 nights at Club Quarters downtown Houston to take in astros series with the cubs.Thoroughly enjoyed the hotel. very clean and well appointed. staff was excellent at filling our requests.If you are ever there check out the underground tunnels. 
4273 We only stayed here for one night. It was the only "reasonable" place that would sleep 4 in one room. No bugs. clean room. no complaints. front desk was nice enought, not rude. God Bless America, Land of the Free and Home of the Brave! 
4274 All I can say is that this is a great hotel and is in an excelliant location, very central to everything. I was a bit worried about the comments below but they were totally unjustifiable. Definitely recommended! 
4275 Fantastic location. Hotel could do with some updating, but room was a good size, beds spotless and room cleaned every day, sheets towels etc. New York is a city which has so much going on, who wants to spend time in the hotel anyway ! No complaints would definately revisit. 
4276 Close to Central Park and easy to get to many attractions in NYC. Our room was large,especially for a midtown hotel. The breakfast buffet was good but not included in the price. There were 2 good Irish pubs/restaurants close by. 
4277 This hotel is super trendy. You'll like it if that is what you are into. Our room was tiny - the double bed took up all of the floor space. It felt VERY crowded with two people. I wouldn't choose to stay there again. 
4278 This hotel is centrally located in mid-town Manhattan, and right above Grand Central Station. In terms of being in the center of the action, and easy to get around from, it is excellent. Rooms are OK. 
4279 I usually stay at less expensive hotels but this La Quinta location was perfect for the business that my family needed to conduct in Houston. It is certainly economical compared to most other hotels in this vicinity. 
4280 One of the better hotel stays I've had while visiting NYC. The staff is friendly and courteous and the rooms are clean and modern. I will be booking my summer trip and will stay at this hotel again! 
4281 Excellent hotel! extremely clean with a beautiful view of the American Museum of Natural History. An excellent choise for those who want to stay at Upper West Side. 
4282 Yery convenient to Times Square, short walk. Hotel clean and well managed. Rooms are not large, but not cramped Perfect for my short business trip. The checkin process was great, simply because the staff is very friendly and helpful. Would stay again 
4283 old and not charming building,tiny rooms which are not pleasant to the eye,the over all feeling is that except for a great location there is nothing good to write home about. 
4284 I was serviced by Jackie Washingtonn at the front desk. She went out of her way to help me on a few occaisions and was very impressed. The overall service was amazing. 
4285 We've stayed here a total of three times now - and will probably be back. Handy for subway, Central Park, Zabar's, easy walk to Lincoln Center (about 10 blocks, easy to do). Exceptional staff throughout and a good value for the rooms for NYC prices. 
4286 Le personnel a la reception sont agreables et serviables et n'hesitent pas a parler francais aussi bien a l'hotel qu'au restaurant. Les chambres sont spacieuses et propres bon service de nettoyage efficace et discret. Deco un peu viellote, pas de chaine TV en francais. 
4287 Het Salisbury hotel is een prima middenklasse hotel in New York. Ruime kamers met prima bedden. Klantvriendelijkheid aan de receptie kan beter. Ligging uitstekend, dicht bij twee metrostations, bij Central Park en op loopafstand van Times Square. 
4288 service was great i was one of the eight from canada that stayed here especially marchin and barry thet were diff the best,gonna miss u guys it was so nice to be greeted with their splendid personality!!! 
4289 We've stayed at this hotel many times and are always treated with respect. All employees go above & beyond to please. The rooms are well appointed and clean. The hotel is also very quiet for a busy city. We can walk to all theatres and many restaurants. 
4290 Good location on Manhattan. A bit old fashioned and not recently redecorated but with a certain charm. 
4291 I made the reservation and requested any upgrade they could offer. We were settled into a mini suite with a partial park view. The staff was warm, accomodating and incredibly pleasant. Not one instance of New York snobbery. A delightful experience. 
4292 Fantastic experience. We stayed at this hotel for pleasure and it suited all of our needs. Staff was amazing, location was amazing, very comfortable rooms and the restaurant associated with the hotel was excellent. Would not hesitate to recommend this hotel. 
4293 I stayed for memorial weekend, great location and great amenities. I stayed in a suite and it was outstanding! Renee at the front desk is great she would make everything posible! I would recomend to stay hands down! 
4294 une grande chabre et salle de bain + un debarras, bon hotel pour new york. chambre au 17 eme etage, peu de bruit. petit dejeuner tipiquement americain, assez peu convenable pour des francais. arriver tot dans la salle, sinon vous faites la queue 
4295 i loved the hotel.. its so clean, the rooms are amazing and the staff are friendly! if i do another NY trip will def stay in the belvedere! LOVED IT! 
4296 very friendly staff - large hotel room by New York standards!!! Clean rooms and bathrooms. Lovely comfy bed. Would definitely stay again. Easy striking distance for subway, attractions, etc. Bar a bit strange - sort of like a corridor - not tempting enough for us. 
4297 Stayed here for a few nights, and the hotel is very good located. Very big hotel with a lot of rooms. It is a bit old but ok. The price was a bit expensive for the fact that it is a medium hotel. Staff was friendly and helpful 
4298 We had a beautiful deluxe room with amazing views - was a very special way to spend our christmas. 
4299 liked : location, bathroom, kitchenette room, early checkin and late checkout possibility didn't like: no internet unless you have a computer, room and bathroom were very clean when we arrived but the carpet wasn't cleaned every day, beds could be better no microwave 
4300 We arrived in the middle of the night and the Kimpton employees made us feel right at home. I stay at boring hotels all the time so when I get the chance to stay at a Kimpton, it's always a pleasure. I didn't want to check out the next day! 
4301 Great location only a couple blocks from Time Square, and well priced for that location. Rooms are updated, comfortable, and above all clean. I read earlier posts about bedbug problem, but encountered none. 
4302 We just checked in. We live in NYC and are checking in because of the hurricane. Sandra was super helpful and super nice. She made us feel at home! The hotel is conveniently located and the rooms are spacious and clean. The free wifi also helps. Thanks Sandra. Pooja 
4303 Great hotel right by Times Sq handy for buses / subway and everything New York. Couldn't be more centrally located. We were on the 35th floor so had great views. 
4304 Fabulous hotel in Lincoln Park. Rooms were great, fitness center was not very accommodating, equipment was not working, cocktails were expensive, but servers were very, very friendly. Overall, the experience was incredible and I would stay again and again. 
4305 Very nice hotel, staff very helpful........................................................................................... 
4306 Sinteticamente, camere piccole al limite dell utilizzo, poco pulite. Ottima solo la posizione. Consigliato solo per chi considera l hotel come un dormitorio e per chi si trova per la prima volta a new york. In alternativa consiglio upper est side!!! 
4307 I guess I got what I paid for. There is NO ELEVATOR in this 2flr building. I was first given a room key to a room somebody was in. There is a pool.. but it's smack dab in the lobby. Awkward to swim.. 
4308 Had a wonderful time at the Casablanca. The hotel was clean and the staff was accomodating. We all had a fabulous time at the New Years party. We will definitely stay there again!!! 
4309 Just returned from 2 nights at the Salisbury. Great hotel, great location, great staff. For New York City, the price was truly remarkable. Must try the $3.00 breakfast. Will definitely stay there again. 
4310 Always enjoy staying at the Hilton Times Square. Staff is wonderful especially Raquel who ensures that my every stay is top notch. Rooms are very nice and quiet and coming and going on the 41st Street avoids the 42nd Street crowds 
4311 I just attended a business conference at this hotel. Congratulations to the hotel staff at every level for excellent customer service 
4312 Like every other W, the lobby and bar is very hip and young (and loud at night). But even if that's not your scene, the rooms are very comfortable, the service is great, and the location is great. I would stay here again. 
4313 Near Time Square and subway, offer reasonal price and excellent service.Very Warm. Room is little smaller than I expected. A quiet place for me. 
4314 Jusr returned from a visit at this hotel. Hotel is completely renovated with clean comfortable rooms. Good breakfast and great location. Paid $225 a night AAA rate. Just wish it had a pool/hot-tub to relax sore legs from walking around NYC. 
4315 When in the Big Apple, consider a stay at the Doubletree in Midtown!! It is close to everything and the staff is awesome!! 
4316 Elegantly furnished, large, quiet, immaculate room, great bathroom with excellent amenities. Free coffee and croissants in the morning, served in the lobby lounge. On the down side, very expensive, even for New York, especially during the week. We stayed on a Saturday night, when the price falls considerably. 
4317 I visited August of 2001 and had an excellent time. This trendy upscale hotel had excellent service, a superb layout, and is in a great location. The lounge is awesome, and because of the great time that I had there, I have planned another stay this May :-) 
4318 This was such an amazing experience. Overall, we had an excellent stay! Great staff, service, and EVERYTHING. Our room was absolutely gorgeous, the entire hotel is beautiful, and I'll be back!! 
4319 Check in was fine. They had valet parking. Tiny little room, but it was sort of cool and certainly clean. When we asked for ice, they brought bucket large enough to ice your ankle. Good stay, friendly staff. We'll do this again. 
4320 The room was average with two double beds and a bathtub shower. It was clean and the service was friendly. 
4321 Superb location. Very lively and happening lobby area with a cool bar and restaurant. Had a great room for a great rate that looked down upon Michigan Avenue. Can't wait to go back to Chicago and stay here! 
4322 The location was perfect, near Time Square, Central Park, and the subway station. Lots of stores, restaurants and coffee shops. The room however was terrible, the carpet dirty, the beds were lumpy, the room small. I would not stay here again. 
4323 A very nice experience, safe, central, and great staff! :D 
4324 Better than the ritz, much nicer more spacious and comfortable rooms- my favourite place to stay whenever I'm in New York! Great location, service, rooms etc! Staying here again this Christmas! Can't wait for a relaxing time!! 
4325 A good hotel with good facilities. The location is superb being only 200 yards from Grand Central and equally close to 5th Avenue. We enjoyed our stay very much. 
4326 Our first time in a New York City Hotel, I must say our overnight stay was AWESOME!!!!! Very friendly staff( Thank You!!! SOKHA). Great room , the bed was very comfortable. We loved it so much that we are planning a weekend stay next time. 
4327 Room was small, but very clean and quiet. Perfect location for NYC site-seeing. The front desk staff were very helpful with directions, tickets, and suggestions. A great bargain for a limited budget! 
4328 I travel for work and hilton is always great for business travels. Clean, comfy, and friendly staff 
4329 Very home-like feeling. Big smiles everywhere and the staff in the hotel and restaurant cannot can do enough for you. Rooms are standard but clean and comfortable. 
4330 Hotel is clean, staff is very helpful and it is in a great location. It is right on Michigan Ave in the Gold Coast area. It is 2 blocks from the beach and right across the street from the water tower and Macy's. 
4331 This is the hotel, if ur looking for a hip atmosphere, great service and just all around 5 star hotel. The W has great views of city and lake and minutes from anything and everything will definitely be back. 
4332 Great hotel in the centre of Times Square, was fantastic. Check in was great, our room was great, awesome view of times square. It was clean! We were very impressed about everything. I would stay there again 
4333 Wonderful hotel 7 blocks from Times Square! Great service and excellent staff. The room was actually larger than I expected. It was very clean and we had a city view and the Empire State Building was almost right across the street. Can't wait to return! 
4334 I love the Chicago Hilton. I've stayed here multiple times over the years and I always feel special when I'm here. The beds are so comfortable and the staff attentive. The location is great, as well. 
4335 i love the italian renaissance feel of this place. very elegantly decorated, very stately and upscale. we are always happy here. 
4336 nunca recomendaria este hotel. la limpieza deja mucho que desear, 2 dias nos dejaron sin hacer la habitacion. pesimo. y la atencion de la recepcion lo mismo,reclamas y encima parece que les molestas.ademas el hotel esta en obras, y es bastante molesto. 
4337 Excelente ubicacion, muy limpio, personal amable y buen precio... proximamente sera parte de Hilton asi que espero que no cambie 
4338 Excellent Hotel. We stayed there for 10 days and loved all, specially the location. It is located about 3 blocks from Central Park and the American Museum of Natural History. Room was very clean, comfortable and the employee were very polite. We recommend. 
4339 I, like others, was concerned that my Priceline assignemnt to this hotel was risky. No such experience. It was tremendous. I felt a bit guilty that we had such a lovely room with such fine amentities. The staff was beyond helpful...especially the bell staff. The bed was glorious. 
4340 our stay at the affinia 50 was wonderful. we were upgraded to a suite, and our room was spacious and met all of our expectations! the hotel is in a great location as well. the staff were all very friendly and welcoming. i definitely recommend staying at the affinia 50! 
4341 Wij hebben het super naar ons zin gehad de 5 dagen dat we in New York verbleven, Madison Square garden zit precies aan de overkant en Times Square is 5 minuutjes lopen..Je zit middenin het centrum alles is aan te lopen. Echt een aanrader! 
4342 This hotel has a great location right on Michigan Avenue. If you want to get to know the city you need a hotel with great location and this hotel has probably the best. The only bad thing of the hotel is the high price for WIFI about $14 a day. 
4343 This hotel was amazingly priced for the location and wonderful accomodations! The room was a wonderful size for an NYC hotel. Bathroom was a great size and had a tub and not a standup shower. Rooms were clean. Nicely decorated. Clean. Quiet. Pleasent staff. Fabulous location!!!! 
4344 A Smeg fridge in the room, an old vinyl disc playing in the room, nice vintage furniture, super cosy. The staff is extremely nice. Very good room service. And that's in the centre of Manhattan. Honestly ... what else do you need ?! 
4345 Very clean and well-kept property. Good, quick light breakfast provided. Loved the large fluffy bath towels! Hotel is located in a great area with many nice restaurants and lots of shopping nearby. Free covered parking attached to hotel. 
4346 Great location, great service, clean rooms. Love this hotel. 
4347 Stayed 2 nights of a 4 night NY trip - so close to Time Square and we got rooms cheap (compared to the rest of NYC) through Expedia. 
4348 The room is very clean, a bit small but very well located near Time Square and one corner from subway. Breakfast included but small area. The only thing is the elevators are small And very long. But I still think it is a good deal. Iwould go back. 
4349 It's a cheap hotel, in a good location (next to the subway), the room was clean. Great if you dont want to spend too much money! 
4350 great place! the location is the draw but the hotel was charming and cosy. 
4351 Myself and my two sisters stayed in the Belevdere and found it was ideal not only the hotel itself but the staff were great and ideally located. I would highly recommend this hotel and when I go back to NY in November I intend on staying there again. 
4352 Excellent hotel with excellent location, most of NY sights are within walking distance and easy to reach. Modern, well equiped rooms with 8th Avenue view. Hotel features a fitness centre. Good location for business travellers too. 
4353 Everything was clean & the staff was very helpfull & friendly. Free breakfast was good and always plenty of food. Would highly recommend staying there. 
4354 Ein sehr gutes Hotel mit Pool der hervorragend war, allerdings keinen Bademantel und Schlappen im Zimmer oder am Pool und kein Hinweise darauf in der Hotel Beschreibung zu finden, das man beides mitbringen sollte. Hervorragende Lage, Service ebenfalls gut. 
4355 Stayed with my wife for 3 nights in late August as part of a New York, Hawaii, San Francisco round trip. Could not find fault 
4356 Great location, excellent facilities and very helpful staff, 
4357 Our dental team was kept waiting in the lobby while the front desk emailed forms to be completed and faxed back. This is for a room that was reserved, confirmed and paid for prior to their arrival. 
4358 The location is perfect, but big risk to have bad room with noise from conditioning system. But this room can be changed, be strong ))) 
4359 The room was small but superb view. I also slept very well. 
4360 After many trips to New York I have finally found the ideal hotel. Location could not be better, walking distance to Macy's, Fifth Ave, Rockerfeller Centre etc. Subway outside the main entrance, concierge service excellent. Good size rooms for New York. Good restaurant and bar, excellent breakfast. safe and friendly. 
4361 Jenny a very big thankyou for finding a larger room anne Michelle Santo for his initial assistance with my booking A great hotel and great service. Would recommend to other travellers 
4362 This place is a dump. Dirty, run-down rooms. Un-friendly, un-helpful staff. Luckily I stayed here on business before some friends and I were to come back a week later for fun. We were able to change hotels to one a couple of blocks down the street. 
4363 ugly rooms thin walls between rooms nothing in room not even a normal desk closet or coffee makers about 1/2 hour wait for elevators wont ever stay again in this garbage. 
4364 We chose this hotel based on central location between the main things we wanted to do and see. Near Central Park, Times Square, shopping 5th Ave. Penn Station, Typical breakfast for a Hampton Inn. Courteous staff. 
4365 This is an excellent hotel. Its location is great: lots of subways you can take, lots of shops and restaurants nearby. The hotel itself is super - staff are very friendly and helpful and the rooms are very clean. 
4366 Das Hotel ist sehr zentral gelegen. Die Eingangshalle ist sehr freundlich, das Personal auch! Die Zimmer sind, wie oft in NY, eher klein und die Klimaanlage ist ein bisschen zu laut. Ansonsten ein sehr angenehmer Aufenthalt. Kritikpunkt: Internetzugang sollte bei einem 4-Sterne Hotel im Preis inbegriffen sein! 
4367 Loading and unloading the car was easy, the staff was friendly, our room was large and clean, and the bed was comfortable. The is free wireless with a reasonable speed. We were very pleased and would return afain 
4368 Great location in midtown, close to times square and central park. A no thrill hotel in NYC but the service is excellent and rooms are very big for NYC. Comfortable and clean! 
4369 Enjoyed New York during an overnight stay at Morgans on Madison Ave. Room was very nice, employees were attentive and cordial - especially Carmelo the doorman. 
4370 Location and service was great! Would highly recommend staying here! It was safe, clean, and the price is reasonable! Only wish they were closer to the subway! They were like 3-4 blocks from the subway! 
4371 Booked this hotel for convenience as it is attached tonthe airport but will not be back. They charge for EVERYTHING! One would think the hotel gym would be free for hotel guests...untrue $9, Internet $17 parking $45 and the list goes on. 
4372 stayed for five days. would definately recommend to others as it is well located and cheap. I think my necklace was stolen from the room so put valuables in the safe provided. It is noisy too - but I can sleep through anything. I would go back here. 
4373 My husband and I stayed here in March. The location can't be beat! Convenient to just about everything. Everything was clean and comfortable. The shower is great. The staff is friendly and helpful. We'll be back! 
4374 Stylish, good customer service, all the little details were right, cool restaurant in the lobby, can't think of anything that should've gone better than it did, especially at the deal I got online! 
4375 hotel molto moderno,ben arredato,pulito e vicinissimo a time square e alla metropolitana..mi sono trovata molto bene!! 
4376 Stanze molto ampie e confortevoli. Ottima posizione a ridosso del palazzo delle Nazioni Unite e a pochi minuti dalle principali attrazioni cittadine. 
4377 Very nice hotel. The room is set up different than any hotel I'd ever been in. It smelled a little musty at first but once A/C was on and the room was cooled down, it was fine. Really clean, bed was comfortable. Worth the money to stay here. 
4378 Had a wonderful three day stay in October. In addition to the attentive staff and excellent lounge facilities we were amazed at how quiet our room was considering its location in the heart of the busiest city in the world. Will return as soon as we can. 
4379 My husband and I just spent 4 nights there and have no complaints. We enjoyed every aspect of the stay from the good food, service, cleanliness and comfortable beds. I would recommend this place to everyone. We were on the 41st floor. Merry 
4380 The location is fantastic. The views are mindblowing. The staff are arrogant and snooty and the breakfast was some croissant with condiments. Stay here for the location, but for nothing else. 
4381 The hotel was fantastic. I was really happy that we chose that one. immaculately clean. Staff were friendly If I had one complaint it was the paper cups at breakfast breakfast was great would definately stay there again and would recommend to anyone going to New York. 
4382 We recently spent four nights at this property. Do not believe the negative reviews on this site. The property and staff were excellent. Everything was perfect. Great hotel, great location and outstanding staff. 
4383 Stayed for three nights in September on buisness, great location a few blocks from "everything". Big rooms from an NYC hotel, good service, a great litle starbucks across the road for a coffee fix 
4384 This was a very nice hotel. The room was nicer than the room at the Hilton Chicago. It was also cheaper and internet was free. It had a great location to get to the Navy Pier, a ton of restaurants, shopping, and clubs. I would definitely stay here again! 
4385 Would definitely recommmend the hotel for its locations and the panorama from the rooms. Front desk staff could be more helpful though! 
4386 We booked this hotel due to its centrally location. This is a nice hotel with happy smiling receptionist. We got our room facing Empire State Building. Room was small but was clean. Breakfast was basic but we liked it. 
4387 The hotel is situated in a great location, you are only A short walk from times square. The room was perfect with a large bathroom and roof top garden. We would recommend this highly recommend this hotel! 
4388 While the lobby continues to attract, the rest of the hotel is in bad need of some basic upgrades ( particularly the furniture, carpets, window treatments etc...) 
4389 The room was excellent but the thing that set this hotel apart was the excellent service and friendliness of the staff.I would highly recommend this hotel. 
4390 Fantastic modern art deco hotel. Good location, helpful staff. Daily room service/ towels changed daily/very clean! Great location; fantastic Diner near by for breakfast, lovely chic Indian Restaurant on way to 5th Av, 'Mint'...overall a great, simple, no frills stay & reasonable prices for NYC! 
4391 I liked it!! perfectly placed, luxe and great breakfast! 
4392 The hotel was very nice. Very convienent to downtown shopping and Navy Pier. The only downfall was the rooms do not have air conditioning just heat. 
4393 For the price you pay, it's totally worth it! Great free breakfast, super close to central park and the subway. Only down side is the size of the room, but you don't come to new York to stay in your hotel room! 
4394 Hotel tres proche du metro et de toutes les attractions, donc tres bien situe. De plus l'hotel est tres recent donc tout est neuf et tres propre. Restaurant de tres bonne qualite. Hotel a recommander et de plus abordable. 
4395 Cool place to stay close to LES, Soho etc. Walking distance to nice restaurants and bars, Outstanding roof top bar! 
4396 Stayed in the Paramount during a girly holiday to NYC. Excellent location so close to Time Square, but the room is very small and air conditioning noisy. Plus bar and restaurant quite expensive. Good value if all you want is a base but not very luxurious. 
4397 questo hotel situato a pochi passi da time square, vi permette di essere al centro di new york!! le stanze anche se piccole( come si usa da quelle parti) sono di gusto moderno e ben arredate!!! sempre pulite!!! personale sempre disponibile e cortese!!! 
4398 We were just there a few days ago and even though it rained the whole time, our stay at the Park Central was outstanding. The rooms were very clean and the service was terrific. I will absolutely stay there again. 
4399 loved the size of the rooms, the staff, and the view! needs to be attended to a bit (stains on hallway carpet, etc. 
4400 Vale cada centavo pago!! Hotel com decoracao surpreendente, quartos novos, muito limpos e com servico excelente e muito agil!! Tivemos upgrade de quarto sem solicitar e gratuitamente. Recomendamos quartos acima do 3 andar. 
4401 hotel ligt heel centraal. naast hotel ligt captains cafe, een goede gelegenheid om te ontbijten. Tegenover het hotel ligt het meer trendy Silo, ook een prima eetgelegenheid. Hotel heeft alles voor een stedentrip. Empire State building ligt om de hoek. 
4402 I could not fault this hotel in any way. The location was fabulous and the breakfast was super. The roof top bar is great but I would prefer soft classical music playing instead of loud rock - just a small gripe. 
4403 Contemporary hotel, helpful, kind staff. Very clean and comfortable. We stayed in a Jr. spa suite, plenty of space for 1 adult and 2 teens. Great location! 
4404 Wonderful service and impeccable room. Staff was efficient and friendly. Dinner was excellent in Fireside restaurant, and very prompt which was important as we did not want to be late for a show. The hotel room was quite large by New York standards. 
4405 De ligging van het hotel is erg gunstig, vlakbij central park. Even doorsteken en je bent bij het Guggenheim. Alle bezienswaardigheden zijn lopend te bereiken en dat is zeker aan te bevelen. Onderweg proef je de sfeer en ontmoet je vriendelijke New Yorkers. Restaurantjes in de buurt. 
4406 The view was GREAT! The room lacked.... One of the tiles in tiles in the bathroom shower was broken and the room just looked old. I expected more for $600 a night, but I guess I paid for location and the view! 
4407 The Casablanca is in a really covenient location and their amenities cannot be beat. Happy hour 5-8pm, wonderful wines, snacks. Breakfast in the morning. Wonderful ambience not often found in the City. Only 48 rooms, well appoined and comfortable. Great Service. Check it out 
4408 From checking in to checking out first class service, staff attentive and helpful, rooms spot on, location cannot be bettered. Very busy bar areas but never failed to get a seat. Would certainly return next time I'm in NY. 
4409 Every staff member we met was extremely nice. And the fact that the hotel was in the middle downtown only made our experience that much better. My family and I will definitely be staying there again. 
4410 Stay at the Renaissance every week. The property is nice, but, the most important thing is the great people who work here. 
4411 Very Nice hotel, great location, clean rooms and Nice bathrooms. The beds could be more confortable. 
4412 Great location, great service, exceptional room, fantastic value for dollar ... we are definitely going back ... M. 
4413 very good location, very nice welcome - the concierges have very good 1930 style, nice hats and moustache, they welcome you with a "welcome home" very funny ! young staff, efficient, very nice happy hour breakfast could be better .... 
4414 The Brookhollow staff made this conference an outstanding experience. Special thanks to sales manager Amanda Johnston, who went above and beyond the call of duty to provide a level of service one would be pleasantly surprised to find in far higher-priced venues. Highly recommended. 
4415 The staff at this hotel are uniformly focused on great customer service. Our interactions with front desk staff, housekeeping, and maintenance were very positive. We have stayed here in the past and will continue to stay here when we are in the area. Across the street from Texas Medical Center. 
4416 My boyfriend and I stayed here in 2000. It was wonderful! The nicest Four Seasons I have had the pleasure of staying in. The rooms were done to the "T" every amenity was thought of. The staff courteous and prompt. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. 
4417 Five of us stayed in the two bedroom apartment in June. Much roomier than I expected so great value compared to other smaller and much more expensive places in NYC. Clean, comfortable and quite stylishly decorated! Would definitely recommend it. 
4418 Absolutely different, cozy, warm people, friendly, perfect location, warm, excellent design, value for money. 
4419 Loved it from the minute I walked in. Friendly service, modern furnishings, great location right off of Herald Square. Extremely clean and nice finishes in the decent sized guest room. Comfortable bed and the neatest pressed sheets I've ever seen. This hotel snob was impressed! 
4420 I have stayed there several times over the last year and continue to be amazed at the people, quality and feeling of this hotel. 
4421 The staff was welcoming and helpful... the room with kitchenette well-appointed, quiet, and spotlessly clean. Variety of good restaurants within a couple of blocks. Short walk to subways. 
4422 Centrally located, clean and the hospitality was great. 
4423 De kamers zijn groot en netjes. De ontbijtruimte is zeer klein. Van de (droge) bagels mag je zo veel nemen als je wilt en dan per persoon nog 2 pastry (daar moet je van houden ).Zelf had ik liever toast gehad. 
4424 ecomiendo no ir al hotel etsuve alojada desde el 19 de noviembre al 26 de noviembre inclusive y anoche nos han robado una valija entera con todas nuestras pertenencias. nadie se hizo cargo y encima nos trataron pesimo. 
4425 We could enjoy all the fun of the city walking from the hotel: central park, theater, upper west side , Lincoln center.... Hotel felt classic and hip with a rooftop night club and pool 
4426 Both restaurants were excellent. Boutique feel. Very comfortable. Very satisfied. 
4427 Das Hotel hat eine echt gute Lage mitten in Manhattan! Hatten ein ruhiges Zimmer mit Blick aufs Empire State Building. Das Personal war sehr freundlich und hilfsbereit. Preis und Leistung haben hier voll und ganz gestimmt. Kann das Hotel nur weiterempfehlen! 
4428 I am writing to let everyone know how much I loved my visit to the Hotel Wales.The hotel was very clean and the workers were very , friendly and it was ideally located to the museums we went to as well as the closeness of the places to shop. Tony 
4429 amazing, what else can I say, had a perfect view over ground Zero, beautiful suite, loved it x 
4430 Fantastic stay - Great fun loving staff. Made you feel right at home from the first day. Being first time to NYC the staff's recomendations where right on the money. Rooms were comfortable with everything you need. Will be back for sure!! 
4431 Senti la comodidad de cercania, accesible a muchos lugares medicos, comerciales y de comida. Buen servicio de internet. Habitacion amplia comoda, equipada para lo necesario de un cliente que visita el centro medico. Es mi tercera vez en este hotel. 
4432 We had a quick 3 night stay to catch a couple shows and do some shopping, location was perfect! Rooms were just enough for the three of us and clean. Definitly will be staying here next time in New York which I hope is soon! 
4433 My experience was very quick, as I used this hotel to be close to airport for early departure. As a Diamond, I felt that the room was very clean, and comfortable. I would use this hotel again..... 
4434 Clothes and jewlry stolen from room. Fairmont security not very responsive. I filed a police report with Chicago PD. As a women whio frequently travel on business, I didn't feel safe staying in this hotel. The hotel even charged me $30.00 to call the police department. 
4435 A stay at the Ace Hotel is refreshing. Not your typical hotel. Very cool amenities (lobby, restaurant, toiletries, etc.) LOVED the decor, small touches like the quotes in the bathroom. and the room was clean too! 
4436 I have been staying in Edison before and the combination of price and location makes it my favourite in New York 
4437 Extremely nice management and staff under very difficult circumstances. Not a glamour location but nevertheless safe and convenient. Modern clean rooms - new TVs and free wi-fi. Good value for NYC. Free coffee in the lobby and hot cider in the p.m. 
4438 To me this hotel is like home away from home. This is the 3rd time I stayed and I am planing my next trip next month. Comfortable, beautiful, great service, and my old neighborhood (I used to live 3 blocks away from it) 
4439 Our stay was for 2 days and the Comfort Inn was perfect! Location was great, the room was newly remodeled with attention to comfort and very clean. Price? For all that is offered it is a steal! 
4440 ideale per chi ha poco tempo, centrale, posizione strategica per girare in lungo e in largo NYC 
4441 Very old and worn hotel, don't believe the claim that they have free internet in all rooms. The internet only works in the very cold, smelly and noisy lobby. Even there it is pretty slow. Very disappointing. 
4442 We would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to NYC. It was centrally located in Midtown Manhattan giving us easy access to the theater district, shopping and museums. We'll definitely stay here on future trips to NYC! 
4443 Very nice hotel conveniently located across from O'hare. Rooms are clean and modern. Service is great. Seriously, excellent service. Fitness center is outstanding. $8.50 for a beer in lobby sports bar is ROUGH, but it is what it is... Would recommend. 
4444 Zeer tevreden over dit hotel. Behulpzaam, vriendelijk, schoon, attent. Prachtige locatie, mooi uitzicht aan de St Patrick / Madison Av kant (vanaf bepaalde verdieping). Wij zaten op 34e en elke dag genoten. Goed restaurant Gilt (recent 2e Michelin ster.) Mooie lounge. 
4445 GPH is a top-tier hotel, with outstanding style, quality and focus on the traveler's experience. I've stayed there on many occasions, and have always been very pleased. Highly recommended! 
4446 lobby fatiscente : divani bucati; avevamo appuntamento con amici e ci siamo vergognati di riceverli camere piccoliossime con scarafaggi !!! condizionatore rumoroso bagno microscopico e sporco di notte urla in corridoio 
4447 This hotel is very nice. I like that it is close to downtown/ the Galleria and restaurants.... The room was very nice.....Will stay again when I return to Houston. 
4448 We loved the bed. Can you let us know what kind of bed it was? 
4449 Hotel staff was very friendly, nice/clean rooms, and service was fast upon my request. Would definitely recommend staying here. 
4450 Stayed here july 20 - 22 suite 2211 and couldn't have had a better view of ground zero. The hotel and our room was very clean.Many other things to do in the area .Wall street and the Hudson river are walking distance 
4451 this hotel is definitely for the hip crowd- very noisy- dark - all the staff dresses in black rooms are miniscule courtyard bar is lovely bu tloud as are all the bars 
4452 Just ok. It was cheap kinda dirty but for NYC at that price it is worth it. I have been told it has been refurbished since my visit not sure if it has made much of a difference. The location is AMAZING! 
4453 Small room, bad view, no breakfast, no minibar. Clean, good bed and sheets. Great location. Terrific breakfast just in steps nearby and great dinner in french vine bar Buvette at Groove st. Walking distance to Stomp show. <$10 taxi distance to Central Park. Limousine service to JFK $70 with tips. 
4454 El hotel tiene un lobby muy amplio y comodo para realizar platicas de negocios comfortables. El mobiliario del cuarto se ve relativamente nuevo, lo cual resulta comodo. Tiene una laguna fuente en el lobby interesante y relajante. El bar esta solo "ok" 
4455 This is a small,terrific hotel that has a terrific central locations.Rooms are comfortable, clean and a nice style..Would stay again. 
4456 Delightful quirky hotel in a marvelous neighbourhood. Very easy to go exploring from. Really comfortable and well appointed rooms. Everyone who works at the hotel was pleasant, helpful and friendly and also really good at their job, whatever it was. I would recommend this hotel to anybody. 
4457 A beautiful hotel with lovely reception areas and bars Rooms are small and simple but very comfortable Great location for exploring the city Bars very expensive in hotel but good atmosphere 
4458 We hebben 6 dagen doorgebracht in dit hotel. De service, de kamers/bedden, het ontbijt alles was zeer goed. Tevens is de locatie uitstekend te noemen (aan de magnificient mile) je zit overal zeer dichtbij. 
4459 I was only here for one night and, when I checked out , I forgot an item in my room. The Director of Housekeeping went above and beyond to see that it was mailed to me at my home which is quite far from Houston. 
4460 Modernes, sauberes Hotel in zentraler Lage. Klein, aber fein. Helle Zimmer mit grossen Fenstern bieten einen schoenen Ausblick! Einzig das Bett war etwas unbequem, weil die Matratze zu hart war. Relativ ruhig trotz (wenn auch nicht allzu) exponierter Lage. Empfehlenswert! 
4461 Rooms are small and old, ac does not work very well. Breakfast it is expensive for the offer! The location it is very good. No minibar and wifi it is paid. Cleanliness it is good. They have a Starbucks cafe in the lobby. 
4462 Goed hotel, schone ruime kamers. Heel prettig is het keukenblokje met koelkast, magnetron en koffiezetapparaat. Je eet wel altijd buiten de deur, maar het is prettig wat koud water of melk op de kamer te hebben en 's ochtends een kopje koffie. 
4463 An ageing beauty, the Waldorf summons images of a golden age, it is an experience in New York glam history as well as a conveniently located, comfortable and quirky place to stay. Take the history tour if you can get the timing right - so much fun! 
4464 Great location and very helpful staff/concierge! We loved it, would definitely stay again! 
4465 Not worth what we had to pay for this. Had to stay there for a convention/work function. Air Conditioning was HORRIBLE. Our room never got down past 72 degrees. The double bathrooms were nice! 
4466 Very impressed by service at this property. Front desk called when room was ready, manager inquired about stay at check out and breakfast staff super friendly. Great location in NYC. 
4467 This hotel is a great value for the perfect location. It's right by Times Square and central to most attractions. While it may not be as modern as some other hotels, it has a certain charm to it. No complaints about housekeeping and the whole staff was friendly. 
4468 My wife and I spent a week of our honeymoon here. It was a superb location and since this hotel has been renovated it looks really well. Not dated like some previous posters had suggested. Rooms were a good size, quiet and very clean. Couldnt fault it in any way. 
4469 The front desk staff and management are very friendly and helpful. Room was small but efficient and the bed was very comfortable. For one person the room was fine with a queen bed. If my wife was with me it would have been a little cosy. 
4470 The young lady at the front desk,if I remember correctly her name was Monica she was very helpfull.is not everywhere you go, you find someone with so much patience. I liked the bathroom;the space was nice but toilet was too noisy even when not in use. 
4471 Location fantastic just off Time Square. Staff pleasant, room very clean with excellent maid service. Nice lobby. Paid extra for superior queen room and although nicely made out it was really small - just enough room to walk around bed and tiny half wardrobe - bit of a disappointment. 
4472 If you want a hotel smack in the middle of times square this is it. They have a cool elevator your kids will love if you bring them. The service was good, our room was nice but as expected the price is well, high. Great local, good service, huge hotel 
4473 We had a very nice experience at this hotel. Everything was perfect, the staff is great, the room was comfortable, specially the beds we loved them!! The food was also very good. I highly recommend this place and I hope I can go back some day, we really enjoyed it. 
4474 Stayed here overnight as a Route 66 start point. Room was spacious, clean and well equipped. Free internet was easy to connect to. Parking was a bit pricey at $41.00 per night. Located within walking distance of Millennium Park and Navy Pier etc. I'd happily stay here again. 
4475 Double Tree Suites in Time Square is a excellent hotel in the heart of Time Square. The staff makes all the difference. The hotel suites are spacious, clean and provide a family of four plenty of room. If staying brings you to NYC this is the hotel for you. 
4476 This Hotel was amazing, The employees handled the storm and the influx of people perfectly!!! Top to bottom, perfecte hotel;....will stay there again and recommend to everyone!!! The day after the storm, the supervisor helped me get my luggage down.no complaints!!! THANK YOU!!!!!! 
4477 I have arrived NY for weekend shoping after business conference. This is a great location, everything just near by. Rooma are allright, nothing fancy yet clean and comfortable. Breakfast is kind of nice though I wish they change the disposable dishes and make more room. 
4478 Large rooms, comfortable beds and attentive service. What more could someone ask for in a hotel/ How about free (FREE) NY Times at your door each morning. 
4479 Great hotel, quiet considering its position and the staff were great. Would stay again - loved it. 
4480 I have been in and out several times for the last year awesome rooms, great gym facilities and friendly service from the whole crew. In the front desk Kat is always ready to make your stay perfect in every way. 
4481 Super friendly service, attention to detail. Clean. Great location, good prices. Feels like home type of hotel. I gave it excellent for this type of small hotel and would recommend it to anyone who perfect a small more personal type of service. 
4482 The hotel is in a great location. Walking distance from great food and shop. The rooms are small NY like but tasteful and comfortable. The people at the front desk are amazing with special mention to the charming, patient and accommodating HELEN CHIANG! 
4483 Went here with some friends, the hotel is beautiful! It''s new, friendly staff, and right in the center of NY, where you want to be. I highly reccommend this hotel to any traveler. 
4484 great hotel and couldnt be at a better location. i would definitely reccomment to stay at this hotel 
4485 Stayed here for 4 nights and really enjoyed it - staff were friendly and the rooms were lovely...had a real charm old school feeling. Don't be put off by the negative reviews here....we really did not have anything to complain about, it was great 
4486 Good location - friendly and capable staff. Recommended for a traveler seeking great value for $$$. 
4487 Looking for a clean (no bedbugs), conveniently located in the heart of the theatre district, moderately-priced hotel with a great breakfast and friendly staff? Give the Belvedere a try! 
4488 Great location! Very close to subway stations, and the shops and restaurants of funky Soho. Breakfast is a little disappointing, however there are plently of great cafes in Soho nearby. Would recommend staying here! 
4489 location is more like chinatown than it is soho, but nice hotel, rooms, and staff. if you get upgraded the suites are very spacious and nice, but you have to be a body builder to open and close the windows. 
4490 Room was great, clean, awesome location. We had a one-bedroom suite (11th floor), with kitchenette, the perfect size for 3 of us. Only down side is the bathroom was very small (but modern), and the daily charge for WiFi. I would defin stay again. 
4491 Het Edison Hotel is perfect gelegen. De subway is bereikbaar binnen een paar minuten lopen. 5th Avenue (waar heel veel leuke winkels te vinden zijn) liggen op een steenworp afstand, evenals het Rockefeller gebouw. Zelfs het Central Park is binnen 20 te bereiken! 
4492 Wonderful hotel. Great bar/restaurant in lobby. Wonderful beds! Can't beat the price for the quality, location, etc! Can usually get a deal on priceline, etc. Don't miss the breakfast buffet in the morning, totally worth it. 
4493 The hotel is a good stay. They have clean updated rooms with all amenities. There are fast food places within walking distance as well as a cracker barrel. The only downfall is limited parking. Located off i45 just north of beltway. 
4494 The rooms are very nice. Rooms with a great view to the south can be had at a reasonable price if you look for specials. There are plenty of other places to eat and drink. Park in the millenium park underground garages. 
4495 My husband and I stayed at St. Giles on 6/30/12. It's a great location for a great price. We didn't eat in the restaurant or go to the bar in the hotel, but the rooms were clean and modern looking, the staff was friendly. Would definitely stay here again. 
4496 The staff very friendly and could answer some of the questions I had about the city, I liked my room, it felt newly renovated and was clean, a bit small but considering the price nice rooms in a good neighborhood. I can really recommend it! 
4497 Clean rooms, friendly staff, free internet, very good overal impression. 
4498 An amazing hotel, great service, great hotel, very clean and and well kept, my gf and I stayed there for a week from Switzerland and we just loved it it is located in a very nice tourist area of mahatan too 
4499 hotel ok, stanze un po' piccole e rumorose, arredamento claustrofobico e di cattivo gusto il frigo a pagamento come gli snack con tanto di bilancia elettronica. 
4500 Nice hotel with a great location. Very nice staff. Good value for money with clean rooms with internet included. Will stay there again. 
4501 Located a stone's throw from Macy's on one side, Union Square on the other, a comfortable hotel with a beautiful stylish design. The rooms are OK - though sound proofing is inexistent between the rooms... Breakfast is OK. Beds are comfortable. Nice toiletries. All in all a positive experience. 
4502 The hotel is small and fashion, in an amazing neighbourhood. The place was great for us, two young couples. The night life around the place is charming. The breakfast is simple but nice. The room is small, but normal to NYC. Very near from subway. 
4503 I have stay here many times and it is a hidden gem with a good central location in Manhattan. I used to live in Manhattan, so know of what I speak. 
4504 Nice hotel w Starbucks and weber grill within the hotel. Friendly staff, clean rooms and super convenient to a lot of restaurants...pf changs, rain forest cafe, rock bottom brewery. We had a group rate of $169 and it was a bargain. 
4505 We stayed at this hotel the night before and after our cruise. Service was fantastic and the shuttle from and to the airport was appreciated 
4506 BUON HOTEL,POSIZIONE CENTRALISSIMA,CAMERA PICCOLA MA MODERNA E PULITA. ASCENSORE SEMPRE OCCUPATO O FUORI SERVIZIO, MUSICA TROPPO ALTA FINO A TARDI DAL BAR AL PIANO TERRA, TRA L'ALTRO FREQUENTATISSIMO. 
4507 Stayed at On The Ave on my first trip to New York overnight. The rooms are trendy and very clean. Service is friendly. i would recommend this hotel to anyone I know.. 
4508 We stayed at the this hotel for three nights last week and were really impressed. For the money ($170 Hilton website) this hotel is a real value for its excellent location. The staff was consistently helpful and friendly. Excellent management. 
4509 Reasonably priced, wonderful bedding and linens, excellent breakfast, fantastic location, attentive management, free WiFi, very clean. Will stay here every time I am in New York. 
4510 The interior of the hotel is artsy and inviting, the staff is inviting, and the location hard to beat if you love the city. 
4511 This is the best hotel I have ever lived in and I have lived in mostly all of the Extended Stays of America here in Houston, Texas. Keep up the good work. 
4512 If you want excellent customer service then I would recommend this hotel but unfortunately the room didn't meet the same standards. The smell in the room was fairly unpleasent. However, saying that the hotel is situated in a great location within all major tourist attractions. 
4513 They confirm your reservation, you book everything else including expensive flights and then they write you an email, (don't even have the guts to call you ) and turn you down. What decent hotel does that? 
4514 ik had een kamer op de club level. kamer was ruim en netjes met oa. magnetron, koffiezetapparaat, bankje, bureau. 1x (op zondag) was kamer niet schoongemaakt, de rest van de hotelservice was prima. In het restaurant beneden kan je prima eten. Hotel is gunstig gelegen midden in het centrum 
4515 Rooms are small but spotless. The location could not have been better, literally just minutes to Time Square. 
4516 The hotel is very clean but the decor is dated. It is located at the north end of Michigan Ave, across the street from the John Hancock Building. The hotel staff was friendly, shower water pressure is very weak. It's a good location for the north side of the city. 
4517 Stayed there for a couple of nights with friends and really enjoyed it. The hotel is clean (newly renovated) and the staff is very friendly. If you are looking for a good location next to Times Square, its very convenient. Cheers, 
4518 Best Super 8 we have stayed at. Very well kept property; nicely landscaped, clean and comfortable rooms. Good, firm beds and colored sheets, pretty bedspreads, appointed well. Friendly staff, onsite laundry room. We enjoyed our stay! Only 1/2 hour to Galveston. 
4519 Great location, excellent rooms, great facilities, good gym, especially enjoyed the complimentary early morning Yoga class run by Terrance. 
4520 Why anyone would stay anywhere else, is beyond me. The room was perfect, service great, food wonderful...but more importantly, the staff seems to sincerely care about their guests! What a concept! This one is a winner! 
4521 Modern ingericht hotel met veel comfort. Personeel is vriendelijk en bijzonder hulpvaardig. Wij hadden een ruime kamer met klein keukentje, prachtige badkamer en ruime bedbank voor onze 2 kinderen. Hotel ligt op super locatie aan 5th Avenue tegenover de public library. Veel attracties op loopafstand! 
4522 A very interesting hotel. Service was great Be sure to arrange for a free ride to local attractions in the hotels Acura MDX. The only problem was the bed was so high we needed a stool to get in Don't miss the unusual lobby restrooms 
4523 Roomy and comfortable. Great city views. Midtown location excellent for easy walks to many points of interest. 
4524 A little bit pricey (I assume this reflects the location), but comfortable. Greeted with a smile even at the early hours of the morning at which we arrived. The little diner/cafe downstairs fit the bill for breakfast the next day. All in all a positive experience. 
4525 The Econo Lodge Times Square, 302 W. 47th, New York, is located next to attractions, restaurants, theaters, and subway stations. Our room was exceptionally clean and smelled good. The continential breakfast featured quality items like yogurt, pastries, hard cooked eggs, and bagels. The staff was very friendly and helpful. 
4526 Limpo e bem localizado bem no centro de Nova Iorque. 
4527 Stayed here April 2004. Okay ... let's be realistic. This is a 2 star Comfort Inn. So, it's doesn't have the biggest room or nicest lobby. However ... it was less than $100 a night and half a block from Times Square. You can't beat this kind of deal! 
4528 My son, 5 years old when we stayed there, call it "our home in NY". The location is excellent. The mini-kitchenette is sufficient if we travel in a family with small children. It's a clean suite, comfortable, with enough space for a couple with a kid. 
4529 We loved the unique decor. Not like your average Holiday Inn Express. Also loved the convenience of Target, Kroger, and CVS very close by, because we like to "eat in." When the DVD player we were expecting wasn't in the room, the staff promptly brought one to us. 
4530 We were there 6 nights and we loved it! Rooms are small but we just sleep there so we didn't care. The location is great and the hotel is very clean and sweet! I'll be back!!!! 
4531 I enjoy my stay employee;s very professional I love my room layout. And the breakfast was GOOD love the waffel got bto come back and have breakfast. Housekeeper was very nice and professsional I have to give u 5 star. Keep up the good work. 
4532 The room was nice and the price is right. Though it is in Tribeca, it is not in the heart of the neighborhood. But it is near a metro stop. Nearby Canal street is sketchy. But overall we would stay again for the price. 
4533 Everyone was pleasent. I stayed during memorial day weekend. 
4534 This hotel stands out in New York as "the top of the mid-range" -- you're not paying $600 night, but the service will at times may you feel as if you have. A great property in a great location -- I'll be back. 
4535 The property is located at a very convenient location in the Galleria area. The location is suitable for business and family trips. Very close to the Galleria Mall and restaurants. 
4536 Rooms were big compared to NYC usual size, staff was friendly and helpful. Location was very good, full of bars on 3rd and restaurants on Park Ave. Would definetly go back! 
4537 The Swissotel is a mighty fine choice with a great location in downtown Chicago. Relatively large rooms that are clean and feature the basic amenities you expect. Definitely the typical four star experience. 
4538 This new hotel is in excellent condition and in a very good location. The rooms aren't spacious, but they're big enough. They have all the amenities: free wireless, fridge, microwave, etc. Room and bathroom were spotlessly clean. Excellent breakfast if you get a good rate on room/breakfast. 
4539 Three words best describe this fleapit "what a dump". It is old. the room was tiny. it was manky. no hot water and the breakfast was disgusting. Avoid this like the plauge. 
4540 We got a really good price via priceline; nice view of new york city; Located in front of "world trade center" A block from Century 21; Subway station on the corner; Big rooms; Clean; No bed bugs; Good service; it's a (low) 4 stars hotel. 
4541 Really loved the modern design of the rooms, the attention to detail. Space was tight but it all worked, unless you travel with a ton of luggage...The shower and it's wide rain shower head was wonderful, and I had my best night of sleep in a long time. 
4542 Compact Rooms, do go swinging the cat, but they are well laid out and very clean. Staff was helpful and the breakfast was a bargain. Easy walk to Broad way and all easy access to subway. Would definitely stay there again. 
4543 The hotel is in a great location, so close to Bryant park, and times square area also. Beautiful lobby with a fireplace, very nice room, big for NYC hotels, also really nice size closet the bathroom had a great shower! Would definitely stay again! 
4544 Stay in the heart of the action. The employees are most helpful. The facility was perfect, large room, clean room, great location. 
4545 The staff were very friendly and helpful, the terrace and free coffee were so relaxing in the morning and evening. Clean rooms and really great area! 
4546 The room and bathroom was very small... otherwise it was perfect! 
4547 The hotel was nice and historic, but the rooms need updating. The front desk staff was very nice and helpful. Restaurants closed earlier than I expected they would. Good location, within walking distance of Times Square, Grand Central Station, and Central Park. 
4548 The hotel is located directly next to Times Square, subway station is in 1 min, the hotel staff is extremly friendly and help you in whatever you need! Perfect 
4549 Subway stop right in front of building, place is clean and close to Lincoln Park and River North - good location in Gold Coast. Convenient Supermarket right across street with deli counter. Lots of restaurants of all prices in walking distance. Rush street also nearby. 
4550 Excelent service and great gym/pool area. The best service and location accross the street from the Galleria. They also offer shuttle service to local restaurants (All the best restaurantsin Houston are located within 5 miles) 
4551 1. Largest rooms in NYC 2. Great location in mid town 3. Affordable rates with the essentials included: breakfast & wi fi 4. Desk/concierge staff very helpful /Breakfast room staff is slow 5. Elevator is very slow 
4552 j ai sejourne dans cet hotel 8 jours et je peus vous dire que c etait super proprete nikel personnel serviable dont deux personne parlant francais un plus et bien situer pour visiter new york j espere retourner a nyw je choisirai cet hotel 
4553 The continental breakfast only added to the nice facility. Everything shouted, sanitary, clean and orderly. The staff was friendly and courteous. Made us feel welcome. 
4554 Graet location if your visiting Chicago. Magnificent Mile 1 block as is the John Hancock buliding. Price was unbelievable and own my own I had a large bedroom plus living room with kitchen 2 flatscreen tvs. A real gem if your first time visitor 
4555 The New York Palace has a breathtaking view from the lobby - of St. Patrick's Cathedral. It is located perfectly for shopping, theaters, and near the subway and bus lines for easy travel to all the sights. Very comfortable rooms, helpful concierges, and funloving bellmen made this a perfect choice! 
4556 3 blks from Times Square, great location! Nice and clean and generous size rooms. Wonderful pool and workout room as well. Room service unbelievably inexpensive and delicious! Will definitely return, there is no other place like this one! 
4557 c'est un tres bel hotel proche de nombreux sites touristiques ( top of rock, empire state building, time square...) l'hotel propose aussi de nombreux services (salle de sport, salon, machine a laver...) 
4558 Great location - you pay for what you get. Basic rooms, basic hotel - cheap & cheerful with lovely staff. Would stay again for a short city break. Great places to eat next door too for brunch. 
4559 Nice, friendly staff. Unusual but quirky decor works ok and the lounge is very pleasant, serving drinks and snacks al day. The room was very small and the supposedly double bed would not fit anyone over four feet or fifty kilos - a shame as otherwise a good find 
4560 A great hotel just perfect for the excitement of New Year at Times Square. Very comfortable room with good view, tried room service breakfast on two days and it was great - just perfect for a relaxing start to a busy day of sightseeing. Woiuld definitely return again!! Can't wait. 
4561 Starbucks across the street, good central location, fantastic breakfast/lunch place (really surprising dishes) that is great for business meetings. There is a ridiculously loud jackhammer starting at 7 am as of the time of this review though so beware. 
4562 perfect stay. everyone was so nice and friendly to us and our 2.5 year old son. very nice and quiet room on the 6th floor. view was not great, but room was quiet. great location -walk across the street to c. park 
4563 This was a fantastic hotel. Reasonably priced with lots of restaurants in the area, the staff is friendly and the service fantastic. 
4564 This has been the single worst hotel experience, period. Was finally given a room at 7p.....one bed when reserved two...room below standard, bed spread soaking wet bleach. Was told that my. Check-in was delayed because I was grouped with flight attendants who departed at 6p. 
4565 excellent location for Penn Station and Macy's plus Times Square - hotel staff very helpful and friendly - good tea/coffee making facilities in room - very comfortable room with fridge - room key card also gave 10% discount in Macy's with no restrictions - very welcome and well used 
4566 The location at 48th and Lexington can't be beat and is convenient to the theater, museums and Grand Central. The bed was comfortable and the room was quite spacious, especially by NYC standards. 
4567 We absolutely loved to stay here. Helpful staff, spacy, nicely decorated rooms and great location. The only thing we found a little strange, was that children didn't have access to the roof bar. Though, I guess that is an american thing, and that the hotel is not to be blamed. 
4568 personale gentile, ottimo servizio internet con 2 postazioni e stampanti a disposizione gratuita, , camere pulite e ampie, posizione centrale strategica per camminare o usare la metropolitana, buon breakfast compreso nel prezzo. 
4569 I stayed here with my husband on our mini-moon (10/6/2012). The staff was extremely friendly and accomodating. The rooms were clean and we had a view of the Statue of Liberty. We ate brunch at the restaurant inside the hotel and the food was excellent. We will definitely be returning. 
4570 We had a ball. Staff was great. Food was great. Cant wait to go back again. 
4571 impressive lobby and thats where it ends. pathetic attempt at contemporary decor. small bathroom. paper thin walls with very noisy doors. only highlight of the room ...... a comfortable bed. 
4572 Very close to everything and the staff was exceptionally cordial and went out of their way to offer excellent customer service. I will recommend this to all of my friends who are headed to NYC. 
4573 Nice, clean room; very comfortable bed; top floor balcony was a pleasant extra (we read the Sunday newspapers in piece and quite while sitting outside in the middle of Manhattan). Of note, very helpful staff member Dennis Krupp. We would stay here again. 
4574 Excellent location, good breakfast. Nice room..It's not expensive. I'll go back.A tip :ask for the highest floors because of the street noise. Only one drawback: in the back rooms only one elevator... 
4575 Very nice as expected. Fastest check-in I have ever experienced. Very quiet rooms. Rooms with view of Statue of Liberty are very cool. Serta bed, "master suite" type bathroom with bathtub and separate toilet room and shower feel just like home or better. Bar service was great. 
4576 Comfy beds, new and clean rooms. One problem: couldn't plug tub for bath. Best: dining room hostess very kind and helpful. 
4577 I'll be reviewer # 1,000 to comment on the size of the room. Wow. My husband and I literally could not both stand up in the room at the same time. I would recommend coming to hang out in their fabulous restaurants and bars and staying somewhere else. 
4578 klein - fein - zentral freundlich - sauber Preis - Leistung ist mehr als in Ordnung. werde ich wirklich meinen Freunden empfehlen !! 
4579 This hotel is a no frills one as a good cafe for breakfast ,rooms where very small even for two people not that clean either .but the location was spot on right across the road central park ten minutes walk and your slap bang in time square. 
4580 Went with the family. Perfect location ifor children and grandchildren. Rooms were spacious and staff was friendly and helpful. 
4581 Within walking distance to Times Square. Comfortable bed and good price. The only thing is the valet parking is very expensive. 
4582 Quiet and clean. Good breakfast Room very dark because any view from the room 
4583 It was a nice location. The staff was pleasant, the room had a horrible odor of cigarette smoke that was all in the covers. Overall, the room was clean. Just glad it was only for one night. 
4584 Our stay at the Carlton hotel in NYC was fantastic. The rooms are very nicely sized and incredibly chic. The hotel feels like an oasis in the middle of the city. I would definitely recommend the hotel and plan on staying there again very soon! 
4585 The Hotel Belleclaire is one of the best kept secrets on the upper west side! It provides a first class experience at a very competitive price! I have taken 3 schools groups there and will make it a fourth our next visit to NYC! 
4586 Location was perfect. The rooms quite large compared to others in New York City. 
4587 Hotel is in a very good location, nearby several subway lines. Hotel is clean, staff friendly. Mattress was worn out, wifi reception bad. Standing at the door wifi was good (closer to front desk?), in the room itself most of the times no reception. 
4588 Great hotel, in a great location. Chilled water at the entrance is a great touch. Have stayed here before, and would gladly do so again. 
4589 Room was clean, but very small. If you just want a clean safe room to sleep in it is OK. Not a lot of things close by. 
4590 This hotel is in a nice place, almost front of MSG. Just this. Room was so small and bath should be refurbishe. I'm sure its possible to find another hotel, cheaper e better. 
4591 Perfect location, friendly and helpful staff, great service and amenities. Super comfortable beds, and super quiet, when you step in off the street you almost forget you're in Times Square. Casablanca helped make a great first impression of NYC even better. We will be back. 
4592 Great Location 1.5 blocks from time square. Clean rooms but a bit small. good value and breakfast was well done. 
4593 Awesome property. Staff was great. Rooms were clean and large for NYC standards. Will return to this hotel. The R Lounge where Gold and Plat Elites have breakfast was awesome. great Views of Times Square 
4594 Great location, and the service was outstanding, except for the maid. There was mildew in the shower, and the sink didn't drain properly. Charging extra for WiFI is so 1990s. On the plus side we were near everything you could ever want: great coffee, several subway lines, bakeries, and shopping. 
4595 If you are interested in the Chicago Public Library, the Chicago Art Institute, the Field Museum and the Shedd Aquarium, this hotel is superbly located. Otherwise, you'd probably prefer a hotel further North. The staff is very helpful but the hotel needs a good renovation. 
4596 I stay here generally once a year as part of a meeting. Rooms are good size, staff friendly and helpful. Great location for the heart of Chicago. To me, the exercise facilities are not up to the level of the rest of the hotel. 
4597 Hotel nuovo, ma non ben congeniato... Le camere sono molto piccole. Manca di bidet e di armadio!!! Incredibile a dirsi! Consiglio questo hotel solamente a chi sa bene accamparsi o per brevi soggiorni! Ah, portatevi qualche appendino per gli abiti da casa! ;) 
4598 I absolutely loved the Time Hotel...the rooms are beautiful and the staff is very nice and helpful. I also love the location, in the middle of times square...close to everything 
4599 Hotel is clean and rooms are large. Connecting rooms don't do a good job of insulating noise from neighbor through the door. 
4600 Great service at this hotel and within a few minutes of time square, just incredibly an small room (which was on the 2nd floor so the view was dreadful!). Very clean, modern and trendy place to stay and a great little bar! 
4601 I have nothing to complain about with this hotel. Our room was clean, the bathroom was completely updated. Great place for the price. Fantastic walking neighborhood and close to subways. Staff was friendly. 
4602 199 a night so not too espensive. Bed comfortable. Restaurant boring with unimaginative food. However, business was good. 
4603 Clean, fresh, well-decorated, excellent staff. Our room was small but so pleasantly appointed that we didn't mind. 
4604 Very glad we stayed here. The hotel was in a great location. The rooms were clean and modern. Yes, they were small but that didn't bother us at all. We spent the day sight seeing, and this hotel was a nice place to come back to at night. 
4605 The hotel was remarkable; well priced for the superb quality. Am planning to stay there again on my next visit. 
4606 For the price, I felt this was a great deal. I got a clean, comfortable room in NY without spending what it cost me to fly there from CA. Recommended. 
4607 My staying was almomst good but the water pressure of the shower was very week, it was like a drizzle. I've asked to front clerks twice during my stay but it's not been fixed. 
4608 checked our friends into this hotel and they loved it. small but everying you need whilst in NYC. PAX deli on the corner and within walking distance of the majority of the attractions. will definately return to in the future. 
4609 A great hotel from which to conduct business on the west side or explore the city. Close to Central Park, near the subway and in turn the city. A quiet comfortable stay 
4610 The Madison is a nice small hotel. THAT IS; IF YOU BOOK ONE OF THE NEWLY RENOVATED MODERN DESIGNED ROOMS. The bar is boring. GREAT location, friendly staff, nice room, GREAT bahtroom. 
4611 Great location, value.. rooms very comfortable.... an excellent place to stay.. close to subway. The hotel room exceeded expectation.. staff friendly and helpful. I would highly recommend the Hampton Inn 
4612 The location is very good. One block from Grand Central, 5 blocks from the Rockefeller center and 5 minutes walk from the Times Square. The price is reasonable for New York. THe staff is friendly and the hotel is clean, but has seen better days. 
4613 It was very nice and the location was execellent. The room was quiet and the help was nice when we had a question. I would definitely go back there again 
4614 If you want to really enjoy the hotel be aware of not receivieng a room with courtyard view. It"s noisy and it:s only a wall. The location is the best 
4615 I stayed here for five days, and when I returned home I had a bedbugs with me. Check out the bedbug registry. This place is infested. Beware. 
4616 It was my first time in New York. The staff at the Affinia Gardens gave wonderful directions, insight to the city. The hotel was very central, easy to come back to and as quiet as it can get in the middle of all the action. Lisa 
4617 Great location town locks from Penn Station. Very cosmopolitan feel. Nice rooms and amenities. Good room service and restaurant. Join the Kimpton Club for free before your trip and get free Internet and a gift certificate for the well stocked minibar. 
4618 Clean room with friendly staff. Great location right in Times Square, we walked to several attractions, including Rockefeller Center, FAO Schwartz and 5th Avenue. We felt very safe during the visit. Helpful front desk for assistance with checkout and travel arrangement to La Guardia. 
4619 Beekman Tower Suite Hotel was voor ons een prima hotel: een goede ruimte (kamer, slaapkamer, badkamer, keukentje), goede schoonmaak en prima service bij vragen. Ontbijt was mager c.q. duur, maar zat niet bij onze reservering inbegrepen, dus op kamer ontbeten. Supermarkt recht tegenover hotel. 
4620 This hotel puts everything together. Very comfortable rooms, very clean, friendly and very helpful staff. It is small but the whole staff knows their business. 
4621 Other than not having free wireless access in room I can't think of any negatives to this hotel. We stayed there one night as members of a tour group that was redirected because of flooding over Amtrak tracks. The restaurant offerings were very good although a bit pricey. 
4622 I am at over 85 nights this year at starwood. 900 nights over the last 12 years. The W staff took such wonderful care of me and my family. Easy check in. polite staff. comfortable accomodations. Best treatment I have received this year. Thank you. 
4623 Great location. Hotel connects to Grand Central Station. Terrific Bar & Restaurant. 
4624 I meant to post this months ago. Have stayed in ZaZa, Four Seasons, Icon and others. The hotel and staff are by far the best. in Houston. Location to restaurants and shops make this a pedestian haven. 
4625 Perfect location and fair price. Room is not very big, but nice bath. Only the A/C was a bit loud and you couldn't open the window, but I allways will recommend it. 
4626 Not cheap, but excellent location and service. Very good rooms, furnishings, amenities. And you will not run into the milling hoards of tour groups that are too often the scourge of Times Square area hotels. It's quiet but still just a short walk from the theatre district. 
4627 Had the best time. Loved the staff, the room, and the restaurant. Pool os beautiful! 
4628 Easy walk to train station, subways, bus station, Bryant Park, Times Square and the theater district. Clean and comfortable rooms and the staff is very accommodating. This was our third stay in the last two years and plan to return again this summer 
4629 We always stay in this hotel every year. The rooms are a bit small but the price is good for the location. 
4630 we went to NYC for a special long weekend and could not have been more satisfied with The London. quite frankly from the doorman, to the front desk, to the bartender to the anonymous people that cared for the room the experience was a 10/10 
4631 Excellent value, nice accomodations, clean, loved the new mattress and bed linens. I would definitely stay there again and I am very picky. Free breakfast, with juice, coffee, nice tables by the pool for relaxing, no charge for parking, free internet.....good job Hampton! 
4632 The hotel's location and service are both excellent. My husband was surprised when the lady who took care of our room called him by his first name. The room is pretty average, but good enough for what we needed. 
4633 Selected this hotel after researching your website.Was delighted with the location-we could walk everywhere- and quality of the hotel exceeded our expectations.It was really great value.Thanks for a great stay. 
4634 The rooms are spacious, for NYC, and the lobby elegant. Nicely appointed rooms, and competent service. Highly recommend it for families travelling together. 
4635 I have been coming here for years and have to say that the staff here are always helpfull and very friendly. In fact I feel like I am coming home when I stay here. The rooms and beds are GREAT! 
4636 I really liked the location and the room. It s not classy but just fine. Clean and Simply decorated. Rates was okay but lobby isnt good enougha which i dont mind :) i didnt spend time in the hotel. 
4637 I stayed in the Belvedere from the 28th - 31st May 2005 and it was fantastic. Can find no faults whatsoever with the place. Was on the 17th floor and had no problems with the lifts. If I go back to New York I'll stay here again without a doubt. 
4638 This place is brilliant value for money considering the location. The rooms are pretty basic but clean and although we wouldn't normally be happy to share a bathroom, they're also clean and it's never a problem finding a free one. 
4639 stayed at the chelsea inn because it was a short notice trip and the $was right. first time i stayed non-midtown. great location, near city bakery, farmers market at union square and shake shack, and the villages. very clean and quiet. would stay and i do hope to there again. 
4640 Enjoyed my stay here... Coming back to the hotel shopping, business or partying, the staff was ALWAYS friendly. Highly recommend staying here. 
4641 es un hotel muy limpio pero es muy incomodo la habitacion super incomoda para lo costoso que es no lo recomiendo pra una fanilia y digo familia cuando viajes con un bebe no tiene microhondas no tiene cafetera nisikiera en el lobbin no me volveria a quedar nunca mas alli. 
4642 Stayed in September and still lots of new hotel issues: No room service No mini bar Gym not yet open Also, check in at 4pm and the jacuzzi baths in the rooms are half the size of a normal bath and so are pointless 
4643 Perfect location, close to Times Square, but in quiet street. Very Comfortable room and bed. Bathroom something special. Staff friendly and helpful. Wifi wouldn't work in our room on top floor, but good access to computers and printer in lobby. Walking distance to good restaurants 
4644 Fabulous hotel. Great free breakfast. Very helpful and pleasant staff. 
4645 Stayed at this hotel in May of this year and was delighted with my choice. Superb location, friendly helpful staff and very spacious rooms. Great value for money, will definately return. A real New York gem! The azzure deli round the corner on 3rd Avenue is not to be missed! 
4646 the check-in was very accurate and friendly, the rooms were great and the location was excellent as it was in the neighbourhood of so many places to visit. Bar was nice and quite crowded, good restaurants in the neighbourhood. 
4647 this reminded me of my Home in Laguna Beach, CA minus my 4 dogs. Every detail was perfect and the staff was perfectly friendly without the stuffiness that you get from other hotels and resturants. 
4648 I have stayed at the Ink48 many times on business. The staff has always been very kind and accommodating. Thanks! 
4649 First time in NYC since 1988. Hotel was perfect. Location for out of towners is ideal as its central to everything. Rooms were great, staff was nice. I would definately stay there again. Close to restuarants, Time Square, Rock Center and the theatre district 
4650 durante mi estancia en el hotel, todos los trabajadores se portaron bien buena onda, muy amables, atentos y serviciales, sobre todo el precio es accesible y el lugar muy cercano al centro medico de houston, en verdad les recomiendo el lugar. 
4651 Stayed at this hotel in march over spring break with my daughter. Excellent location.. Spacious room and nice lobby. I recommend it because it is really centered and you can walk anywhere 
4652 I stayed 4 nights in this charming and clean hotel. Good relation quality-price. 
4653 The best location. Simple. Clean. Good hospitality. Very good for the money. 
4654 Great modern hotel Small rooms but very modern. Loved it 
4655 Posizione strategicamente perfetta:a due passi dalla metro,vicino a tutto anche a piedi. Stanze piccole,moquette vecchia e sporca,bagni vetusti. Consiglio una grande ristrutturazione. 
4656 Half the staff are fine, the other half seem to be selected for their pure bloody-mindedness. The location is fantastic. Rooms are funky. But when I heard that the movie star Russell Crowe had attacked a receptionist, I confess my sympathies were with Mr Crowe. 
4657 Loved this hotel!!!! Everyone at the hotel was very friendly, professional and eager to please. I would recommend not staying on the side of the hotel that faces the freeway though - it was a little noisy. 
4658 Somehow I got this room for $109, which I think is a great price for this area. I have really no complaints, everyone was friendly and helpful. Yes, no pool, get charged for wifi (but wasn't added to my bill for some reason), but such a great location. 
4659 Very clean and beautiful hotel. Staff went out of their way to make us feel welcome from the time we checked in until the moment we left! Very good breakfast, nice gym, and extremely helpful and nice front desk :) Will be back soon! 
4660 staff were very helpful and friendly and the hotel was ideally situated for Time square,central park etc ,i would stay at this hotel again ,The only snag was the net curtains were filthy and the doors in the room were dirty , 
4661 Ich war nun schon ein paar Mal im Paramount zu Gast und bin immer wieder begeistert. Die meisten der Zimmer sind zwar recht klein, aber die Lage (nur wenige Gehminuten vom Times Square entfernt) und auch der Lobbybereich machen dies wett. 
4662 This is a nice hotel just off Time's Square. The rooms were a little larger than average NYC rooms and still new. I will definitely return to this location. 
4663 ...with beautifully furnished rooms and a comfortable bed. No high speed internet access however. The location is ideal for downtown business and is within walking distance to many of the skyscrapers. 
4664 Het hotle ligt midden in het centrum , een straat verwijderd van macy's. De lobby is ook er g mooil Hoewel de kamers niet erg groot zijn is er toch een heerlijk plat en een flatscreentv. Dagelijkse schoonmaak. Ik raad dit hotel zeker aan! 
4665 I stayed for a week, excellent service, clean, quite and friendly. I was surprised by the size of the room and the full kitchen. Free WIFI internet, free breakfast...,really enjoyed it 
4666 We stayed for four days, three nights and found all the staff cheerful as well as helpful. The room was clean but as reported before the bathrooms have no ventilation. 
4667 Great stay! Everything was taken care of upon arrival. Friendly staff from front desk to maintenance. Room was always clean and breakfast bar was wonderful. I would most definitely recommend this hotel to anyone going that way. 
4668 I had a great stay at the Warwick. The staff was outstanding, from reservations to front desk to the cleaning staff. Great location right on 54th and Ave of The Americas, only short walk to Central Park, Rockefeller Center and many more attractions and restaurants 
4669 Friendly staff, in great location. Adjacent to Waldorf. Hotel was not as clean and updated as I hoped. Spa is mediocre but most spots in NYC are likely limited on space. 
4670 Just visited NY with a bus trip. Stayed at the Staybridge. The service, complimentery breakfast was great. The hotel was immaculate; I would stay their again!! Two of the hotels employees, Jaimie and Sunny, were warm and friendly. They were an asset to the hotel. 
4671 Was searching for a "deal" and found a reasonably priced hotel just half a block off Time Square. Nice, clean rooms, but most of all a great location! Good breakfast in hotel restaurant. 
4672 The entire staff, from Front Desk, to Doormen to Housekeeping Staff, are the best in the world! :-) 
4673 Beutiful Hotel and excellent scenery in the Meatpacking district area! Don't forget to visit the rooftop bar.....WOW!!! ~ prices for drinks are 15$ so it could get expensive ~ ----------------- 
4674 The room was nice and clean. It was about a 15 minute walk from Times Square and the Broadway shows. Service was spotty. After shows, walking home was easy. 
4675 Muy bien ubicado en pleno Manhattan pero en una zona tranquila 
4676 We were in NYC for the weekend and could not have asked for a nicer property for our visit. The rooms were very spacious, beds were comfortable, rooms were extremely clean, hotel was very quiet, stafff was friendly and accommodating...... Who could ask for anything more? 
4677 Within walking distance of all main attractions. Try Mary's Cafe for breakfast not West Egg that the hotel staff recommend. Staff were extremely helpful with all enquiries. Only small criticism would be the size of the bathroom. 
4678 The room was clean and comfortable. Great service and excellent food. A great place to stay in Houston. You have to take a morning walk in the park nearby! 
4679 I wanted a hotel that was well located in central Manhattan to be able to explore the city in every direction on foot and this hotel was absolutely perfect for that. Close to Central Park, subway-entries nearby, friendly staff, a good and well supplied restaurant for breakfast. Highly recommended! 
4680 Amazeing hotel, lovely staff and friendly atmosphere the roof top bar has amazing views of empire state building. Hopefully will get to go back one day! Thanks fashion 26 !! 
4681 Awesome! Always a pleasure to stay here. Staff is exceptional! 
4682 Nice location close to Broadway and uptown. Rooms were not as clean as could have wished - it seemed the bed linen had not been changed. Hotel was often visited by police to check for drugs. Suite contains kitchen which is really nice 
4683 Esta muy bien ubicado,a pasos de la central station,a pasos de la 5ta avda.,todo cerca,.Coincido que el personal no es muy atento,pero correctos y eficientes,se duerme estupendamente bien,muy confortables las habitaciones.Volveria a ir,relacion precio calidad buenisima. 
4684 This hotel continued to excell in customer service and friendliness. It was out fifth time staying here and every time got better and better. It started at checkin and continued to check out!!! 
4685 Brilliant location, big rooms with massive beds and good, clean deco! The staff were very helpful, fitness room was adequate and all this was during renovations! The rooms were a littlle noisey but this is Manhatten.... Best for value :) 
4686 New York is expensive but this is reasonable for a hotel so close to times square. Boutique style works well with excellent French restaurant next door for superb breakfast. A good find 
4687 This was a great hotel! Everything is in walking distance! Only thing the room is small! I guess I had a regular room but I stayed with 2 other people. Besides that everything was amazing! Will stay here again! 
4688 Great staff, best location and old world charm. We love the Sherry! Just across the street from the park and if you are up for walking, a walk to and from the theatre, my husband and I did it and we are in our 50's.We will definitely be back! 
4689 Wonderful location. 162/day paying in advance. Nice, clean and safe. 
4690 The Bedford is in the perfect spot to stay and take in the sights of Manhattan. Conveniently located less than 2 blocks from Grand Central Station. Clean, comfortable rooms with kitchenettes available and markets close by. Staff were friendly and helpful and we thoroughly enjoyed our Christmas vacation. 
4691 Dit hotel heeft een prima locatie. We keken uit op Time Square. Alles was goed te bereizen en te belopen. Hele vriendelijke mensen in het hotel. Ondanks de drukke omgeving, snachts weinig tot geen geluidsoverlast. Zeker een aanrader voor als je naar New York gaat. 
4692 Very good site ro go visiting the city, it's near to All the famous places and so helpful atention. 
4693 This property is fabulous and the restaurant is amazing! Especially loved how the hotel and restaurant engaged me via twitter during my stay. 
4694 Was here for a one nighter. Very clean hotel, nice rooms. Bit noisy because of the traffic outside but i guess thats NYC. The restaurant serves high quality food. 
4695 Had a lovely stay in this hotel,found the staff to be so helpful and friendly.location couldn't be better,thought the food was a bit overpriced but then again new York is quite pricey!! 
4696 We celebrated our wedding anniversary with a trip into NYC and enjoyed the quiet of the Ritz Carlton. Our room was on 6th Avenue, but we were able to see Central Park. The room was spacious, spotless and serene. The service is impeccable. This hotel is highly recommended! 
4697 Really close to Time Square and many attractions, cheaper than other hotel nearby, room is not small if choose the double double room, nice pool, best of all, free parking. Grocery store and restaurants nearby. 
4698 Great staff. Wonderful rooms, with reasonable rates. 
4699 Great hotel, Great Treatment, Great Experience, Expensive..... 
4700 This hotel is a must stay if you like contemporary, unique, hip design. The rooms are very small but impeccably clean with high-end finishes. Great late night bar scene in Hudson Bar. Hotel appeal to young adults more than families. 
4701 My friend had bites all over her body. It was obvious that the hotel has plenty of experience dealing with bed bugs. They gave us a refund but that doesn't compensate for the hassle and annoyance 
4702 The staff was very friendly and was helpful with my needs. My only complaint was that they gave me a handicapped room and did not inform me ahead of time. The handicap room was very no frills. 
4703 We had a very fine stay at the Lucerne. Adjoining Nice Matin restaurant was fine as well. A number of other good restaurants in the area as well. The surrounding area (the Upper West Side) is a particularly fine one for strolling, shopping and dining. 
4704 Ottima posizione, in una zona abbastanza tranquilla, ma vicina a 2 stazioni della metro, a central park e al museo di storia naturale. aria condizionata ben funzionante, camera e bagno sufficientemente spaziosi e puliti per essere a ny, altra cosa positiva: niente moquette sul pavimento della camera. 
4705 Three friends stayed two nights at hotel and we pay a really good proce for the excelent service received. clean rooms, cool people, good a/c i recomend this hotel 
4706 Loved this hotel! Quiet and elegantly appointed suites. Very spacious and clean. Serenity in the heart of Manhatten. If possible book a suite with a Central Park view. This hotel is A+ 
4707 Great hotel - more than we needed -right in the center of Times Square - if you want action right place - a little too plastic - a little too much Love their properties this just happen to be one of our favorites 
4708 The service was ok, although I spent twenty minutes trying to check out. Apparently the bell doesn't work. Bathroom had mold and mildew in the tub. Everything else was ok. 
4709 Great location, right on Times Sqaure!! Small rooms but you don't spend much time there! Worth the money due to convenience of location! 
4710 Special request met lightning fast. Bed reasonably comfortable however the A/C didn't seem to work well overnight, I think they have it on a motion sensor so kept waking up due to the temp. Overall good value for the money. 
4711 In the centre of Time Square, could not ask for a better location. Room was spacious and luxurious with best views all round. Loved it! Best Chocolate Chip Cookies ever! Complimentary at Reception! 
4712 For the money, I think there are much nicer hotels in NYC. I was not impressed with the staff, and the rooms were small and drab. I prefer The Hudson or the W. Would not stay here again! 
4713 Excellent hotel to stay in New York for the money! Free coffee and muffins are great in the mornings! Really clean rooms and modern hotel that is about a 10 minute walk to Times Square. Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to New York! 
4714 cerca de todo, un poco inpersonal pero en general bien. 
4715 I like this hotel, is not a luxury one, but it is comfortable and the concierges were extremely helpful 
4716 First trip to NY but for what we needed the Newton did the trick. Rooms are clean and its close to the subway which we used (bought a week pass) throughout our stay. Room comes with microwave and good size bar fridge. 
4717 not the best hotel but a magnificent location. the hotel is old fashioned but alwys clen and in general good conditions... i ' ll stay there again! 
4718 The JFK Blvd. LaQuinta at Bush Intercontinental is a very relaxing facility with extremely nice rooms with ultimate comfort in beds. We always stay at this facility when traveling by air and our friends do the same. 
4719 Very hot room with no air. The hotel is rather run down. Not what I expected for a W hotel at all. 
4720 The W-Lakeshore is just that Wow! This Hotel is one of the top hotels in the city! You can't beat the view or the experience! Whatever/Whenever is the saying around the hotel and boy do they mean it! 
4721 Hotel bem localizado, em frente ao Central Park, com estacao de metro do lado. Quarto espacoso, limpo, com geladeira, alem do frigobar (que se deve ter cuidado, pois, mexeu, pagou). Servico discreto e eficiente. 
4722 We stayed here a couple of days ago and we had a great time. The staff at the front desk was very helpful, they helped me print my boarding pass and even maps of nearby restaurants. The rooms were clean and adequate. I will definetly be back 
4723 Missed General Manager Hilda Garvey on this visit, but, staff was wonderful and provided all we needed including quiet nice room. We never reviewed our previous trip last October which was also great. Keep up the good work Hilda with your capable and personable staff. Dr. Solomon 
4724 The employees or owners were absolutely wonderful, polite, helpful and concerned for my safety and feeling secure 
4725 The staff, location, and rooms were excellent. Highly recommend this hotel and would stay in the future. Front desk staff were all very helpful and welcoming upon arrival. Roof top bar was an added benefit. 
4726 I stayed for business and enjoy very much my stay. Room with space, very comfortable. Very central location, close to Times Square. 
4727 both my client and I got bitten by bed bugs after staying there for one night. my client called them to inform and they just answered they would take care of it. will never stay there again in my life! it felt dirty and unpolished. 
4728 Upon checking in room was dirty and old. Do yourself a favor and stay at the Days Inn right down the street. 
4729 Great location.. right across the street from Madison Square Garden..The staff was friendly.. the lobby is beautiful..the beds were very clean and comfortable.. the air conditioner was not the best but did work..bathroom is pretty small but overall a fine experience.. I love NY!! 
4730 groot maar prima hotel. Beetje ouwe inrichting en sanitair maar vind ik niet erg. Geen wifi op de kamer en dat vind ik wel erg. 1 uur gewacht bij check in en dat vind ik ook erg. Verder prima. Lieve mensen in kamerbediening en ook bij receptie. 
4731 I stayed there for two nights, went for a photography workshop in NY. This hotel is very close to Penn railway station and also close to Broadway and many other stores... Room was clean, a bit noisy because of a train... 
4732 The hotel is located in the center of the time squar 
4733 It is very close to the attraction area. No hot water in the shower , no Fridge For two days no body clean the room No paper towles 
4734 The only good thing about this hotel is the location. Paid extra for the city view room which we did not get. The room was not overly clean. Found the staff unhelpful and long waits for the uninterested concierge. Would never stay here again, very dissapointed. 
4735 The Hotel@ Times Square was very convenient to every thing i planned to do and see while in New York. The help were friendly and helpful. The rooms were kept clean. I will be staying here on future visits to New York City. 
4736 The HGI in Time Square made our stay very comfortable and enjoyable with our two young children. Beginning with Marcel, check in desk, Management and ending our trip with Charles. Can't wait to come back during the Holiday season...Thank you for the 20 yr annvir. champagne! 
4737 After trying most of the 5 star hotels in NYC, this is our favorite place to stay! 
4738 Perfect location in NYC. Great condition to travel with pet. Free wi-fi for SPG guests huge + 
4739 Great location, clean, quiet and affordable. It'll be our home base in NYC in the future. 
4740 excelent service, perfect location infront of central park, confortable, and unique service. 
4741 It was beautiful! But no mini bar! Comfortable bed, hot shower, and we were very high up :) 
4742 Friendly and attentive staff. Good and ample breakfast. 
4743 The rooms were small but typical for NYC. The location was great! The charge for breakfast should be an option- $10 for a bagel and tea (or coffee, cereal, and toast). Cool pool! 
4744 The ladies at the front desk were super helpful and very friendly. They made my stay enjoyable and comfortable. 
4745 Was clean and good service. Great position to see everything 
4746 We stayed 3 nights in July and held conference. The rooms are clean and equipped with all necessary amenities. Received the excellent services from great staffs. Especially, great thanks to Moses. The foods are great, too. 
4747 The staff is top-knotch and really understands the meaning of customer service. We would definitely stay at this hotel again! Also, the coffee and water available at any time in the galleys was so convenient and the food in the restaurant was wonderful. 
4748 My wife and I spent a long weekend at the Chatwal, it was our fourth visit to the city and easily the best. This was in part due to the wonderful service we received at the hotel - everyone was very accommodating and our room was impeccably decorated. 
4749 The service was very good. The hotel was clean and the room was comfortable. Location is a bit far from the convention center. The breakfast buffet was good lots of choices. The fitness center is a joke. They need to update the equipment. If that is important don't stay here. 
4750 This hotel has an excellent location. I stayed in a single and it was tiny, but other than that it exceeded my expectations. Bathrooms were usually clean and dry. Very friendly staff. No bugs, no dust, and air conditioning worked fine. 
4751 Larger & Comfortable Rooms with luxurious furnishing. The hotel has a small pool one can go to for cooling off. However, the hotel has nothing much to offer by way of food and you may have to go out to eat. 
4752 Great location, rude staff, room smelled of urine, thin walls. Every morning was awaken by the loud housekeepers out in the hall. Kiosk's not working properly. Had a great view of the courtyard (as the staff called it) cement roof of another building. Run down hotel, other than the lobby. 
4753 Arrived at 1am and endured a painfully slow check-in process. Room is dirty, threadbare, and lacks basics, in room WiFi. Amenities in my room were open/half used. This hotel is a blight on the Intercontinental brand. 
4754 I love this hotel. The regular rooms are larger than normal with a really large bathroom. The suites are magnificent. The location couldn't get any better. You can walk to Rush Street and Water Tower Place and plenty of restaurants. The service is excellent. 
4755 For less than the price of a hotel room, you get a studio apartment with a fully equipped kitchen. The rooms are clean, comfortable and more like a home-away-from-home than an impersonal hotel room. 
4756 Novotel Times Square New York is a super location to visit New York. The hotel is clean, staff indifferent, service OK. Bar and Lobby very nice to have a drink. Terrace superb. I think Wi-Fi should be free to paying guests - in this day and age. 
4757 4th year in a row here, always clean, friendly. Wifi throughout. Bathrooms are shared on corridors, rooms are New York sized, i.e. not huge, but on the edge of Union Square, and very nice. Also they store your baggage free on last day, reception always very helpful. 
4758 The Metro Hotel is a well priced hotel situated in a very good location. Macy's, Times Square and the Empire State building are all very close and the staff are fantastic. definately recommend staying there. 
4759 Me and my wife stayed in Hotel 373 for 5 nights. The hotel is good and rooms are ok. Small but cosy. Everything is clean inluding the bathrooms. We just had a problem: no hot water for the last two days.... 
4760 Everything about this hotel was terrific...service, friendliness, queen bed room, quietness, helpful staff, doorman, bell hop, multiple fast elevators...price was about the same as other older/renovated hotels and everything worked. Very convenient to all that mid-town NYC offers.... 
4761 I spent 2 nights here at Christmas + had a fabulous time - the staff are wonderful + cannot do enough. The food is plentiful + excellent quality. The rooms are clean + beautiful. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel at all. 
4762 small rooms, dirty, feathers everywhere, hissing radiators, sink doesn't drain, some rooms have no closets, elevators smelled moldy 
4763 We had a room up to the 30th floor with amazing view of the Times Square!! Excellent breakfast as well at the really great restaurant!! 
4764 Very efficient and well located hotel. Rooms are comfortable and quiet. Nice pool. Norma's Restaurant has the best breakfast anywhere. Good hotel for casual or business visitor 
4765 Perfect Hotel in almost all aspects. Eat breakfast outside, it is too costly in the Hotel. 
4766 My husband and I have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Sutton. Its a great location close to great restaurants and bars on Rush. The room was great and the staff excellent I would recommend this hotel to anyone. 
4767 Everything that you've come to expect from the Hilton chain. Decent sized rooms for New York City. Ask for something away from the elevator as it can get noisy. Can't beat where this hotel is situated, walking distance to all the sights and subways 
4768 Great nightlife. In the heart of downtown this hotel gives you a comfortable feel, great rooms and a wonderful and courteous staff. 
4769 planned last minute-as usual--got a hotwire deal--flew into JFK and took the Air train and E-line to 53rd and 7th--right at the hotel door stop--perfect! great location and helpful staff--rooms very quiet/comfy---first time seeing the Rockettes! 
4770 Awesome location, scrupulously clean, excellent value for money. 
4771 The Mansfield is charming and full of character. The rooms are small, but for a couple just in town to explore the city for a weekend, it was perfect. 
4772 I think this W has been around for awhile - although they are trying to maintain the quality, it is obvious that this place needs a reno. Good location, right in the heart of times square. Staff very friendly. 
4773 Hotel un po' datato ma molto pulito e con camere, almeno la nostra quadrupla, spaziosissime. Ottima colazione e posizione veramente buona, sulla 57th tra la 6av e 7av, vicino alla fermata della subway e degli autobus. Consigliatissimo. 
4774 Had a businesstrip in March for 5 days. Location was perfect, amenities up to par, great staff and service. Overall a great trip - was able to do my business and also close to great social scene. 
4775 I went to the cass hotel and,I like what i saw clean room good house keeping friendly people and the sea of happiness lounge is wonderful. I enjoin myself and i goin back soon. 
4776 Great location, close to everything! The rooms were large and we stayed in one with a kitchenette which was handy and hard to find in NYC. I really enjoyed the location. 
4777 OMFG. After four nights at The Gansevoort this is exactly what I needed. Calm, beautiful, glamorous, incredible service, amazing food, impeccable interiors and the softest sheets and comfiest bed that ever existed. yum 
4778 I stayed at this hotel regularly for business trips. NO LONGER. I just discovered bed bugs when I stayed this month (July 2009). DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL - BED BUGS!!!!!!!!!!!! 
4779 Close to nice diners and pubs! If we come back to New York, which we hope, we will stay at the Paramount Hotel. And not to forget - Brian - New York Citys friendliest doorman!! Greetings from Kerstin from Sweden. 
4780 I loved the hotel because of it's prime location. It's close to everything; from broadway shows, to all times square has to offer. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. Will definitely come back. 
4781 Great place, great location, great view, great staff, great...well, you get it. We got an upgrade to 34th floor which helps, of course, but we really like the location. Convenient, but not too touristy. 
4782 Awesome local, customer service, and accommodations! highly recommended! Sushi next door (Twist) was excellent and Cafe 28 around the corner was cheap and amazing (breakfast, lunch, dinner etc) 
4783 Everyone was very helpful, informative & caring. They greeted us each time we came into the hotel and each time we left. 
4784 Hotel booked two rooms for me and my wife, when I asked for one. Why would I book two rooms? Also, the location is not that good. A gas station close by has bullet proof glass for the cashier. I wonder why? 
4785 Will never go again. I'm embarrassed that I took my guests there. 
4786 I really enjoyed my two night stay at this hotel due to the location. The rooms are a bit small but very nice. I will definitely come back to this hotel next time I am in town. 
4787 Hotel manager said: O yeah, we are charging you another $150.- for the kingsize beds and the 4 people. A terrible rip off, while the reservation was already made and paid. He just charged the credit card!!! 
4788 Fabulous little place tucked away right next to Times Square. Staff were genuinely friendly & helpful without being pretentious. Hospitality was second to none, rooms were cosy but beautifully clean & well equipped - a great base to see this wonderful city. 
4789 a great hotel, with great service in a very hip area of New York. 
4790 I really appreciated the friendliness of Henry Strait and Aurelia Gaskin. They were working the front desk when we arrived late and tired. They were extremely efficient and attentive. 
4791 This was my third time in NYC and this as been my favorite hotel, near the hectic but was so quiet to sleep there. When I go back will be the hotel I will stay again. The view was amazing looking over the Empire State Building couldnt ask for better. 
4792 Bottom line, the price for the service is outstanding. Free Continental breakfast, free wireless, and I had a fabulous view of the Empire State building...convenient to uptown or downtown...it ain't the Ritz but dollar for dollar this is the best deal in town. 
4793 Great location! The on site restaurant has good food and with large portions. Extremely comfortable beds, easy parking, nice bar, great views......nothing bad about this hotel!! 
4794 1 perfectly adequate night in this hotel. Comfortable if a little tired looking. Friendly staff that helps with local eateries etc. Room very small, but not sure you can expect more in the heart of Manhattan for the price. Good sleep - quite room. 
4795 Always a joy, fast check - in and out, helpful staff and never a hassle. Great location for all the offices (CBOT, Sears Tower) 
4796 Very good hotel with a very, very friendly staff that makes you few like home. Very good location, a few steps from Time Square. The breakfast is included but could be better. 
4797 I have stayed here on more than 10 occasions for business and this is a very nice hotel. It is only about a block from Times Square which is nice. The rooms are typical Westin and relatively clean. Service is as expected as well. 
4798 Fabulous! Staff is excellent, rooms are very clean, location is great. Expensive but worth it. 
4799 Great place to stay and, located at 2 Times Square, right in the heart, you can't have a better location. 
4800 Had a little bit of a view of the Lake. Loved our suite. Perfect for the small amount of hours we ere there. Bed - very comfortable. Staff was extremely helpful and VERY friendly. All were so willing to help. 
4801 Beautiful suites, extremely courteous and helpful staff. A must stay! 
4802 My first visit there was the first week of April 2012, came back the third week and service was so terrible it discounted the first stay completely and then some. 
4803 My stay at the Hilton was very pleasurable. The facilities and service were impeccable. Fabulous restaurants within close proximity to the hotel. 
4804 Clean rooms, free wifi, was surprised how close it is to Michigan ave. will stay there again for sure. I didnt have extra time to do other things. Parking garage is right next door. Only gripe they should validate the parking fee. Other than that no complainants. 
4805 The Conrad is a great hotel with excellent location. The staff was outstanding! The rooms were big and very high-tech. We also enjoyed the breakfast. 
4806 A good hotel, with Manhattan prices, confortable. Near Empire State Building. Nice restaurant, nice staff! I would come back... 
4807 The staff was so overly accomodating to meet all of our needs. Everyone was nice and friendly. Rooms were spacious for New York City. Very Clean hotel and I was overall very happy with my experience. Great Location also. 
4808 We had to stay close to Columbia University and check out New York also. Could not have picked a better place at this price for this location. Very near to the Subway (right outside the door), very convenient and lots of food places nearby. 
4809 We came with our 3 children and we're very happy to stay at Meridien Very good reception, employees very pleasant. The place of this Hotel is very practical 
4810 room was nice...lobby small.....service good ...after check in...bellhops are your concerge....we went at new years....4 blocks from time square...walk to all.....we liked keens for mouton chops....we have no compaints.... 
4811 My wife and I had the most wonderful New Years eve ever. Carmen and the rest of the staff at the Double tree went beyond the call to make sure we had an the best time ever. Thank You Happy 2011 from The Everett's Ocala, FL. 
4812 this is a great location with updated rooms//they badly need ventilation revamps and bathroom updates//if you have allergies or breathing issues reconsider staying here//but it was cheap and clean, and the staff was friendly and efficient! 
4813 I felt so welcomed and comfortable the moment I walked in the door. Everything about this hotel was wonderful. 
4814 This was the worst hotel we stayed in on our visit to the USA. Beds were too big for the room although comfortable,just not enough room for suitcase and to walk around. house maids very nice. Concierge not very helpful. I wouldn't stay here again or recommend. 
4815 Really not too bad (especially after reading other reviews), good price, good location, nice pool. The room was a good size and the front desk person helpful. There was a faint cigarette odor in our no smoking room. I would stay here again. 
4816 Excellent location next to Chinatown and Little Italy. Spacious room with great view of the Manhatten Bridge from the loft, especially after dark. Excellent housekeeping. Continental breakfast with Belgian waffles. One short block and a half from subway. This is our hotel of choice for New York. 
4817 We stay at Red Roof Inn for 4 days. The Location from the Hotel is great, the Hotel and the Room was very clean. The continental breakfast was good. My wife and i have hat a great time in New York and the hotel made our Trip more comfortable. 
4818 Great welcome by door staff nothing to much trouble always there to help with luggage and info with a big smile made you feel welcome !!!!!. Restaurant staff always there with a cheerfull manner 
4819 The room was very comfy, and just the right size. 
4820 Good location downtown manhattan. Excellent concierge who has a great attitude and knowledge of the city. Rooms are large, clean and airy. Located right across from the new world trade center building. 
4821 Not a place for a romantic weekend. Hotel geared for singles, like a dorm atmosphere. Noisy, cold and dirty. Water in bathroom was warm, not hot! Bathrobe was stained and old. 
4822 Siamo stati sei giorni per lavoro realmente stupita di questo Albergo essendo un'albergatrice di professione, le camere ampie e silenziose con tutti gli standard qualitativi e di sicurezza, il personale ben educato sin troppo direi. Nulla da dire realmente un Hotel con l'H maiuscola..... Bravi 
4823 Stayed here in feb amazing hotel , breakfast was just stunning. expensive hotel but worth it for a special time. 
4824 Ottima la posizione.Stanza (standard) microscopica ..eravamo in 2 e nn potevamo nemmeno muoverci.Secondo me c'e' di meglio...buona fortuna! 
4825 I stayed here for a business meeting and the hotel was in a great central location. The room was modern and very spacious. The lobby was a little chaotic but the rooftop pool more than made up for it! Great views! 
4826 great hotel in NYC for all kind of people, great staff and very good rooms... 
4827 Our 4 day stay at The Standard was as enjoyable as ever. Its a great place to stay with bucketfuls of entertainment just minutes away. 
4828 Great Property, everything in this hotel was flawless. Jodi provided great concierge services. Friendly staff, the rooms were very clean and spacious. Next time im in Chicago i'll be sure to stay there. 
4829 Love the rooms, staff takes cafe of any and every need. had only one problem but Diane took care of it, and went above and beyond her job.... Will stay here again 
4830 Stayed here for one night on a layover in Houston. It is a good, clean standard budget hotel but the service from the staff was outstanding. Everyone there went out of their way to make it an enjoyable stay. 
4831 would definitely stay here again - the only downside was the long wait for the elevators. 
4832 Hotel is ok, no thrills. Room was clean with all the basic amenities, clean towels every day. Breakfast was ok nothing special. Gym is a small room with 4 threadmills and a TV. Thin walls could hear the other guests TV's through the wall. 
4833 This hotel was great for location , service and cleanliness. The food was not the best , but not terrible.Just across the street from Carmine's and Hugo Frogs. We had a great stay there, and only a few blocks from the Magnificent Mile for shopping, 
4834 Friendly staff. Clean room. Excellent bed. Very good value. Close to subway for direct trip to museum mile or to Soho. However, it is noisy. Air conditioner/heater unit is a window unit and the windows are single pane. Therefore, even 11 stories up the street noise is appreciable. 
4835 Amei a viagem, o hotel e os passeios. Era uma epoca que antecedia o Natal e a cidade estava simplesmente maravilhosa!!! 
4836 Extremely Rude Staff. Poor Service, we asked for extra blankets and towels twice and never recieved them. Tiny Rooms, Hot Water problems, and they upon leaving they tried to change the price of the room on us..What can I say..DO NOT stay at this so called hotel 
4837 I have stayed @ the Warwick 6 times. Love this place--it's so classy. Location is perfect for shopping, good restaurants, the Met. & Central Park is close by. We were upgraded to a suite on one occasion--what a nice treat. Would not stay anywhere else in NYC! 
4838 stayed at this hotel for three nights, beautiful hotel rooms great location very good for all attractions and central park is just around the corner just not keen on new york city itself 
4839 I stayed very often in this hotel. I like the view from the rooms to the central park, the comics in the elevators is a great idea. the service is very friendly, so its great to stay here for business or holidays 
4840 Is there a better location than Grand Central NYC? No! Hotel lobby was impressive and room was huge. Bed was super comfy (great for jet lag). Really enjoyed my stay here! 
4841 Older hotel with small bathrooms but flat screen tv's and a good staff. Bartender was a snott. 
4842 Worst hotel ever! A shabby place. Never again. 
4843 Fantastic location! The rooms are small and dark, but well appointed and comfortable. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay here again in the future. You just can't beat the location for the price. 
4844 Die Lage ist Top. Direkt am Broadway unweit des Time Square. Fruehstueck ist gut bis sehr gut. Die Zimmer sind Standard. Der Service ist auch gut. Preis/Leistungsverhaeltnis ist top. Wuerde ich auf jeden Fall wieder machen. 
4845 Fantastic service, even our 2 year old was treated like a king! 
4846 Hotel 17 is wat je verwacht van een eenvoudig hotel: prima locatie, leuke buurt, simpele maar schone kamers, badkamer op de gang. Vergeet niet iedere dag een label aan de deur te hangen met het verzoek aan het kamermeisje om je kamer te doen, anders gebeurt het niet! 
4847 Great hotel. Perfect location in NYC. Clean, nice employees. Upgraded us to a suite because it was our anniversary. 
4848 The Radisson Martinique is in a great location right beside Herald Square and across the road from Macys. Staff are extremely friendly and very efficient. Any requests to housekeeping were answered immediately. Ideal location for seeing either Times Square or Chinatown. Would definitely stay there again. 
4849 We loved this hotel. Spotless clean. Right in the heart of Times Square. Staff very helpful. Couldn't find any faults. Kids loved the chocolate chip cookies. We had a great view looking out on the hustle and bustle of Times Square. We will definitely stay here again. 
4850 Great place to stay with a family...Denise the manager is really great to work with. 
4851 Nicely appointed, albeit small, rooms located at 48th and Lexington. Lobby is beautiful. Many nice restaurants nearby. Short stroll to theater district. Meeting room (Astor) more than adequate, for a group of about 50 people. A/V worked flawlessly. 
4852 We stay in the grace mate for only one night. Premium location, between times square and 5th avenue. The hotel design as young spirit and make you fill like you got "Something else". 
4853 This hotel was dirty and stinky. Not worth $10 a night. We ended up leaving and paying for somewhere else. 
4854 new york e' fantastica.noi sono due anni di seguito che andiamo in questo hotel,e' molto molto moderno appena ristrutturato le camere sono un po' piccole ma pulite.hotel e' centralissimo fai due passi e' sei al centro di time square,il personale e' molto cordiale consiglio questo hotel a tutti buon viaggio... 
4855 abbiamo soggiornato 5 giorni in questo hotel , ci siamo trovati benissimo 
4856 Arredamento moderno come piace a noi , buona la colazione , staff cordiale 
4857 vicino alla 5a strada ed alcune attrazione turistiche 
4858 hotel consigliato 
4859 The Carlton is a great hotel. The building is near the end of the remodeling process and is nice and clean and new. The rooms are big by NYC standards and normal size by standards everywhere else. The room was clean, especially the bathroom, where everything was new and shiny. 
4860 Great hotel - recently updated. Room was spacious and clean - couldn't really fault it. Staff were all friendly, but not overly - which i prefer. Close to metro, and walking distance (if you like walking - about 30 mins) to central park etc. 
4861 Front desk was very helpful especially Luisa... Will definitely be back again. Although in the financial district staying on the weekend was nice. Walking distance to battery park, close to soho and little Italy. My recommendation is definitely to stay here. 
4862 Stayed here for a quick visit to New York and enjoyed every moment. The front desk was very helpful, everything we asked they could arrange. Same for the entire staff. The location is great, not hype like Soho, but good for first time visitors... 
4863 Near theaters, hop on hop off bus stop, shopping and restaurants, the Edison is a perfect hotel for first time visitors to NYC. 
4864 Warkwick hotel is very well located facing MOMA and madison and most interesting shopping areas. The service is excellent, the concierge extremely helpful and the rooms quite large and comfortable. 
4865 We stayed here for 2 nights before Thanksgiving last year, and were very pleased. Great location, rooms were very clean, staff was helpful. Recommended. 
4866 This hotel is in a fantastic location in Manhattan. Everyone from the security guard to the hotel manager was friendly and extremely helpful. The breakfast was great and the bed was awesome. Phenomenal job, Marriott! 
4867 The hotel situated near empire state building, time squadre and other attraction. The position is very good, the services and the Rooms are great. I spend a great vacation. I suggest this hotel to all of My Friend. 
4868 This hotel is by far the best in this area. Really enjoyed staying here and the restaurant was great also. 
4869 My daughter and I had to stay in the Wolcott while renovations were done to our apt. The rroom was great and the staff was hospitable, highy recommend for anyone 
4870 Uno de los mejores hoteles del mundo con una excelente atencion al viajero frecuente, con una atencion inmejorable, atencion personalizada, y un servicio de excelencia mundial 
4871 The staff is very nice, the bed was really comfortable. We enjoyed drinks at the rooftop bar and really enjoyed being in the heart of NY, close to everything. I can't wait to go back and definetly recommend this hotel. 
4872 Love, loved, loved it. have stayed here twice and LOVE IT! Its sooo close to all the shops and time sq is just a few blocks away. small rooms but who cares when your in NYC because you just wanna sleep and shop. 
4873 Old hotel in that is undergoing remodeling but needs even more help. Even the very small remodeled rooms are not a place I'd stay again. Paint was chipping, bathroom wasn't clean. Bed was very comfortable but the bathroom smelled of sewer gas. Escalator was broken. 
4874 Nicely appointed rooms, good location, good security, VERY resaonable Manhattan parking. Near food shopping and not far from kosher restaurants. I would stay there again without a doubt. 
4875 Helpful staff. Small but very tidy and quiet room. Great location right near the subway, Central Park, and Museum of Natural History. 
4876 My daugter and I stayed at this hotel for Friends with Benefits Premiere (July 17-19 2011). It was an amazing stay with a great view, comfortable beds and amenities. I am recomending your hotel to all my friends and relatives. 
4877 My wife and I stayed her for our 5th anniversary and it was amazing! They up graded our room to the 39th floor with a beautiful view! The flowers I ordered were put in our room just before we walked in! Everything was great! 
4878 Hotel staff very helpful and friendl. y Rooms very clean -although a bit small they have all the basic amenities incl. coffee, fridge and even a microwave. 
4879 The Westin Chicago River North is right across from the House of Blues and Harry Caray's. Its walking distance from the Clark/Lake stop on the Blue Line to / from the airport. The service is very good as are the amenities. 
4880 1st trip to New York and was much more than I ever expected. Perfect location allowed us to do many memorable things in our short visit. Only regret is we didnt stay longer. 
4881 This is a very nice hotel with a great location. On the 38th floor, we had no noise. The staff was wonderful. Traveling with three young kids can be tough but this hotel was great! My grandson left a toy after checkout and they found it for us. 
4882 Great location, the suite was small so I suspect standard rooms would be tiny. Bed was incredibly comfy which compensated for the usual din of the city. Great bar for people watching but the literary greats and Mrs Parker's circle are long gone. 
4883 The front desk was efficient and friendly, the bar was the perfect way way to end a busy day, the music and drinks were very good and the concierge had excellent service, the suite was charming, only request would have been more towels. 
4884 Pros: clean, modern, location, bed, bath, terrace, top lounge, sliders Cons: paid wifi, small room, somehow dark. Highly recommended both for family or couple travel. Maybe not ideal for families. 
4885 Nice hotel, with small but very well furnished rooms, clean and with a very good cost/benefit ratio!!! Interesting location, with a metro station exit right on the front door!!! 
4886 This was an excellent place to stay in Manhattan. The owner, Joe G. was so friendly. The hotel was clean and the staff was friendly. It was a great value based on other hotels in the area. This will be our first choice when staying in NYC again. 
4887 First time visiting the Marriott downtown New York... Service was great !!! Our room was also great... Really enjoyed Mario at the Concierge... Thank you for being so nice and helpful... People don't really have to be nice!!!! Thank you again Mario !!!!! 
4888 The hotel is good, great location. They go for a European vibe, which is not your standard "American" hotel experience. The staff is great. I stayed there almost weekly for over a year and the bell men, especially Daniel on the morning shift, took good care of me. 
4889 At the time we went (2009), the hotel was really good. It is very well located and the room was very clean and comfortable. 
4890 The location is perfect and the hotel is easy to locate. The staff was friendly and efficient. The rooms are equipped with laptop computers on each desk. The beds are wonderfully comfortable and the rain shower is luxurious. Overall this hotel is an excellent place to stay. 
4891 rooms are clean and tidy.great location.free internet with printer on 2nd floor.breakfest menu exellent.plenty to choose from.close to most sites.staff very friendly.nice area outside to sit and have a drink.would def go back. 
4892 Great rates for this location. Staff very helpful. Spacious rooms, but the whole hotel needs a deep cleaning. Prices at lounge and restaurants are expensive. 
4893 the place is great near to soho, little italy... BUT our room was not clean and the bathroom also.. it was terrible... never again for this money.. 
4894 Location, location, location--we found this property to be very convenient to the subway. Both the bell staff and concierge were helpful with dining recommendations and attractions 
4895 we could walk to the Broadway show and great restaurants. very nice staff & so very helpful. we were able to keep our car parked there most of the day we checked out. very convenient. 
4896 Nice room, easy location. They didn't keep their promise to upgrade my room due to unavailability but the hotel itself is nice. You have to pay extra for the internet in the rooms. 
4897 Great views and spacious rooms! Beautiful hotel right in the heart of the loop. A little far from the heart of Michigan Ave. 
4898 This is a classic old club, complete with the weekdays dress code (no denim!). The meeting and dining rooms were exquisite but our bedroom was a bit on the not-updated side. 
4899 The customer service is terrible at this hotel. From arrogant customer diservice to negligence of service requests to being cheap on replacing the soap in your room. I'd rather stay at a budget Hampton Inn. Never again. 
4900 This hote is noisy with paper thin walls. Don't plan on sleeping if your neighbors are watching television. It's too bad- the beds are great with luxurious down quilts and feather pillows and noise from every direction. Good location-near Michigan Avenue and shopping. 
4901 Hotel di tendenza con una hall magnifica ! Gli ambienti comuni sono veramente molto belli ma attenzione pero'......le camere sono veramente piccole e non sono insonarizzate, percio' il rumore dei motori dell'aria condizionata fa la sua parte. Molto frequentato con un continuo via e vai di gente. 
4902 Hotel met all of my needs for a 2 night stay with 3 Grandchildren. We walked to the Field Museum, Aquarium and to Millenium Park, hotel also provides a free shuttle one way to several major attractions. Great pool and very comfortable rooms. 
4903 I loved everything about this hotel. It was one if the best experiences ever. Specifically: the food. The views. The location. The hospitality. The gorgeous bicycles. Etc etc etc Thank you guys, this was spectacular. Pure and simple. Loved it. 
4904 I have stayed at The Lowell several times and it is simply superb in every respect. The staff is the best anywhere and service is impeccable. I give it an unqualified "Five Stars". 
4905 No dresser drawer unit, garage sale quality chair (1), small bath room space and facilities. Soft bed. Courteous staff. Quiet. Clean. Overpriced. Select Drury instead/next time. 
4906 ok location not too far to alk to circle line boat cruise, times square. room comfortable and good size. great breakfast in the coffee pot only 1 block away. not 5 star but adequate ina fantastic city. good bars and restaurants close by, staff helpfull. 
4907 it was clean having nearby ice and soda machine made it better only thing that wasn't so great was the air conditioning was stuffy and warm in the room, 
4908 I have stayed here a couple of times for conferences. The rooms are good, especially the executive rooms with the option of breakfast overlooking the lake. What a treat. Service good, staff pleasant and you can easily walk down to the magnificent mile shops 
4909 Booked with hotwire over a month ago. When booked I emailed hotel about upgrade. Did the upgrade and requested for a nice view and high floor. Received neither. We are on the lowest floor and facing the back of the hotel. 
4910 Wonderful hotel in a midtown location. Very convenient to Central Park. The design and appointments to the room were fabulous. Loved the ability to open the large windows. The staff was friendly, helpful, and gave wonderful suggestions. Enjoyed our stay. 
4911 It is a good hotel worth to live. You have easy access to Time Square and 5th Avenue. The check in service is amiable and fast. Thanks for Wito's consideration and great service. Guan 
4912 Nice lobby, quick check-in, poor standard of the room, worst of all the bed bugs. I got a huge bite on my foot second night...really ugly and itchy. 
4913 Como todos los hoteles de esta cadena incluye desayuno muy completo, algo muy importante para mi sobre todo en New York. Muy bien ubicado y a un precio muy accesible para lo que es Manhattan. Lo recomiendo. 
4914 The location is amazing, in the middle of Times Square and the everyone is very nice and helpful - a special mention to Fred who helped us with a check-in and is a great soccer fan. 
4915 The room is spacious and the staff is extremely friendly. the room cleanliness was terrible. The carpet is worn and horribly stained. The curtains were dirty. The towels were old. 
4916 This is definetely an old hotel. Thin walls, a bit shabby. However everything was clean, service was good, and location across the street from grant park cannot be beat! 
4917 If you are looking for a great time., look no further... This hotel offers everything you need in the heart of NYC for a great price. Great location, awesome staff and a swimming pool to boot.... Who could ask for anything more..... 
4918 Hotel was extremely clean and front desk staff were very helpful. Breakfast was good and there were plenty of places within a short walking distance to eat at as well. Subway station was right around the corner. I'd definetly stay here again. 
4919 Nettes Design (Philippe Starck) gigantische Dachterasse, gute Mojitos :D 
4920 Um hotel simples mas eficiente,o check-in nada complicado. O rapaz da recepcao Jonathan,sempre eficiente e cortez. Os quartos limpos,numa boa localizacao,com certeza na minha proxima estada ficarei no mesmo hotel 
4921 ottima posizione in pieno centro vicino time square. discreto bar per colazioni e camere normali ma ottima posizione 
4922 i arrived to NY in the morning and they gave me a free early check inn in a excelent room 18th floor with a good view. 
4923 Stayed at Hotel 373 over Dec 3-4 weekend which was BUSY in NYC. The location was great - right on 5th Avenue - and easy walking distance to everything in mid-town. Did not find it noisy at all. Clean rooms, nice staff - would definitely stay here again. 
4924 very good hotel in the full center of manhattan and midtown. central. just a regret = personnal is not sympatical. 
4925 I stayed at the Park Central for 2 nights. The rooms were very nice, the staff was friendly, the location was great.....my only criticism is that there was no pool......A good tip: Check in early to avoid long lines! 
4926 The Alex was great. Nice, modern design ad really quiet considering it's in midtown. The hotel is very convenient. 
4927 We stayed here because it was close to a college my daughter was visiting. The hotel is very nice, up-scale, kinda artisy. However, not many families stay here. Unless you really like the location, you should look for another hotel if you are bring the family to the City. 
4928 I hve been to NewYork City over 1 dozen times .....each all but a few alone.....I have stayed in many differnent hotels....high and low end.......I am a Trvael Agent as well.........I truly beleive if you want a clean, quiet and good value hotel....this is it........ 
4929 Rooms very spacious by NYC standards, extremely clean. Front desk and concierge were friendly and helpful. Excellent bar (the usual NYC high prices, but very nice ambiance). Easy walk to Times Square, Broadway, Central Park. 
4930 Good hotel, good price but parking is expensive $32/day 
4931 From beginning to end our stay was awesome! The front desk staff was always helpful and pleasant and the rooms were way better than I expected for the price. 
4932 Stayed one night and had a nice time. Staff was friendly and helpfull. Food at the Italiasia was great. Getting to the parking is tricky it is combined with the Chicago Sun Times building and you need to follow there parking signage. 
4933 No problems with this hotel. Close to everything in Central NYC location. Not sure if the price is justified, but lodging in this city is expensive. Hotel staff was pleasant and professional. I'd will stay here in the future, if possible. 
4934 Eccellente hotel per servizi,comfort della stanza e pulizia. Hotel di design con arredamento di sicuro pregio e ricercatezza. Situato nella zona nei pressi del Greenwich village vicino alla metro e a buonissimi ristoranti. Zona tranquilla lontana dalla zona eccessivamente turistica di Times Square. 
4935 overall a wonderful place! Very convenient to all the main spots in NYC, but far enough away from Times Square that noise was not a problem. Service was excellent from check in to room service. The only disappointment was the so-called concierge. 
4936 This hotel is in an area I was not too familiar with but I needn't have worried, it's ideally situated for most attractions and yet far enough away from the Times Square area. Super large room, tastefully decorated and clean. The restaurant offers a very good buffet breakfast. 
4937 Air conditioning was out for the two days I stayed in this hellhole. WIFI also was not available either night with numerous excuses given. Could't sleep because of the heat amd couldn't work with no WIFI. Manager never returned call one. 
4938 3.5/5 +In the heart of NY! +Clean Rooms, comfortable beds -Very small rooms -Expensive -Expensive charges (wifi, roomservice etc) 
4939 What impressed us most was the amazing atompshere of the lobby. The cool music and slick furniture gives the place a lot of energy. Also, our wonderful room overlooking the city was fantastic, and the staff made us feel like A-List celebrities! 
4940 Park view tower room views are the best of NYC hotels, but rooms (especially bathrooms) are tiny even by NYC standards. Take some room design Inspiration from le meridian Philadelphia or others. Bar was great, lobby and other common areas: thumbs up. Good service - bell, door, getting cabs, etc. 
4941 The rooms was very clean and very nice. Easy access to highway 45 and a local mall and several resturants around and shuttle service to and from the airport. I wolud recomend to to all who are traveling to Houston area. 
4942 Yes its true the hotel is a little old and outdated. But great staff, good price, and awesome awesome location. Just minutes from millinum park and the red line train. Deff reccomend!!!!!! 
4943 Great, friendly service... The room was clean, the location is good and the bed was one of the most comfortable we've ever slept in. A definite must if staying in Manhattan! 
4944 From the minute we walked into the lobby the staff was wonderful and went above and beyond to make our stay there memorable. Very clean and modern rooms with great views of the city along with the nightly wine hour made this hotel one we will be visiting again. 
4945 We were very pleased with this hotel. Very convenient location, helpful staff, very comfy and accommodating restaurant. The lobby and check in area are very small but the rooms were a nice size. Our room was clean and nicely appointed. 
4946 The Hyatt Regency is a fairly generic hotel, with very little character. But in terms of the basics needed for business travel, it is a good choice: Comfortable rooms, pretty good restaurant, and a good and helpful staff. 
4947 Hiltons are usually expennsive if not ridiculously overpriced but our recent stay at the NY Hilton (std King bed room $492 plus, plus, plus was now even minus a room coffee maker. RUKMe!!!! LIVE AND LEARN. Time to get rid of the Hilton Honors account! 
4948 stayed in a kingsize suite. Total of 4 people. Room could use a new carpet but very clean and large size suite. Very good value for the money and great location at 39th and Lexington. Will definitely go back there. 
4949 I've found that this hotel has an extremely good location (1 minute or less to the subway), near times square (which was a good position for the new year's eve). The bathrooms are small, but, c'mon...it's new york..the less you stay in hotel, the better....^_^ extremely good service. Recommended!!!!!! 
4950 Very good hotel, great location, very close to Madison Square Garden. Staff polite and always helpful. Breakfast could be more varied. 
4951 My husband and I stayed here last year on a whim and were astounded at the service, detail and especially the breakfast buffet! We are booking again for November 1st....cant't wait! They had wonderful smoked salmon and the largest blackberries I have ever seen! 
4952 I travel to NY often for business and usually stay midtown at any number of hotels. First time staying at Intercontinental, wow, what a disappointment. Old, tired, poor service. Old TVs in my suite, even the batteries in the remotes were old. Won't be back. 
4953 sejour tres agreable car idealement situe: pres de restaurants et surtout de la ligne pricipale de metro... et aussi de Central Park ! Donc je le recommande: chambre agreable, service tres correcte, peu de bruit(prende une chambre luxe pour avoir les etages superieurs). 
4954 Es el peor hostel en el que he estado con diferencia, las ratas te abrian la puerta de recepcion, con eso digo todo. 
4955 We stayed at this La Quinta and will be again shortly. We travel with our doggies as much as possibole and they love it. We got a suite the last time we stayed here and it was very comfortable and roomy. The breakfast was hot and very good! 
4956 Front desk not helpful. Room poorly maintained--plumbing , and water temperature varies. Internet must pay extra. Although cheaper, value is not there. Would not recommend. Computer (business center) is too slow and thus requires constantly feeding dollars. 
4957 Good hotel in great location. Rooms are a bit tired and on the smallish side. No in-house gym. Great staff. 
4958 I've stayed at many hotels throughout the us for business and pleasure. The staff at the Hilton garden was very accommodating. Will definitely stay there again. 
4959 Stayed here because of a work trip. Excellent location - small room but to be expected in NYC. Not much of a view from my room, but since i wasn't facing the street, it was fairly quiet at night. Free wifi in lounge and bar/restaurant only. 
4960 First important parameter for a hotel in NY is location. Flatotel was perfectly located. Rooms were spacy and clean. The View from the 46th floor was magnificent 
4961 We loved staying in this hotel! The reception and sitting area is awesome, with a gorgeous view of the water. Our room was beautiful and the bathroom was amazing! 
4962 Location favorevolissima a due passi da tutto; personale cordiale e disponibile a cui rivolgersi con fiducia. Camere spaziose anche se la manutenzione generale potrebbe essere migliorata (filtri dei condizionatori sporchi e ripostigli non proprio pulitissimi). Comunque soluzione ideale per un soggiorno di media durata e godersi NY. 
4963 Do NOT STAY Here! This is the biggest rip off in NYC!!!!!!! Reservation was cancelled, but they didn't record it. They were happy to charge me anyway and refused to waive fee. With all of the hotels in NYC you can find one that treats clients with common courtesy. 
4964 Pro's Good location five minutes from times Square; friendly staff; clean and well appointed rooms. The gym is basic but clean. Con's The Wifi is expensive - should be free. 
4965 The big rooms are quiet even with its proximity to the airport. Our parking was free. Nice breakfast buffet. All lunch and dinner meals are in the pub/grill so you cannot avoid TV screens. Rather than a reservation desk, there are several small "stations" around which are a little confusing. 
4966 Ottima posizione,vicino alla metro e alla Central Station. Buona la pulizia. Ottima la colazione. Tutto ok................ 
4967 Check in/out was a breeze, room was clean, Hotel staff were friendly, great location, themed,unique and stylish,local transportation not a problem, relaxing nightlife enviornment, hotel its self is a eyepleaser. 
4968 The W should stand for Why? why are you mopping tread mills at 6:45 AM and not drying them? Why Invite the guest to coffee and then charge for it? Why is the hotel so unhip? 80's are over, get back to serving your business cliental. 
4969 Beautiful, hip, urbane, exciting. Perfect location. Great bar. Spacious rooms (for NYC) at a reasonable price. Attentive and knowledgable staff. 
4970 Was double booked at our hotel so was placed here. Room was very nice. Reasonable. Very convenient for the Empire State building area 
4971 Highly recommended 
4972 Very nice updated rooms. Walking distance to Central Park, Times Square, & Rockefellar Center. Very Busy Lobby. PARKING~ $45 EVERY 24 HR.....eg. late checkout: gets then charged by the hour which gets expensive....but it is New York. Overall, would recommend it! 
4973 I can't wait to go back. I really loved this hotel. It's in the upper West side not far to Central Park and museum mile. By MTA not far to Downtown Manhattan. 
4974 Trendy, up & coming hotel. Love the quirky sayings about the place. Decor amazing, staff amazing & location AMAZING! Great value for money. <3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3 
4975 we will definately stay there again as the price was great and the locatiom was perfect. Many restaurants and shopping close by. 
4976 The hotel was very nice and very artsy! We stayed in a 2 bedroom room. It was a wonderful stay - beds were very comfortable. The shower was wonderful with 5 shower heads! Would definitely stay here again. The location was magnificent as well. 
4977 This hotel is in such a great location with 1/2 block access to the Magnificent mile and great shopping. Great value when compared to surrounding hotels. The high speed Internet sucks though but with everything around you who needs high speed anyway. 
4978 relatively large room for NYC, very clean, great service. the hotel is at a great location, 15 minutes walk from Times Sq and other tourist attractions. Close to restaurants 
4979 Just an overall great hotel. Perfectly located for a visit to the city -- walking distance to many attractions, but far enough away from the hustle. The rooms are large for NYC, and the in-room fridge and microwave make staying here incredibly convenient for families. 
4980 Great 5 night stay as a family. Service was good although drinks and minibar is pricey as you would guess. Rooms are perhaps a little tired compared to much newer hotels but the character of the hotel prevails and you can't help loving the place. 
4981 Great hotel. We've been here for only 6 days but we appreciated the kindness of the staff, the breakfast (only the first day, 1st of january) the brownies were not so good, clean room and good to have a little fridge and a great TV 
4982 The Wellington Hotel itself was not very special: room was small (but not too small); bathroom simple and clean. The location however is great: 300 ft from Central Park and next to metrostation. 
4983 A+++++ If you look for the Best Hotel in NYC, the Bowery is for you.. I really enjoyed my stay at the Bowery, and everything was perfect ! From now on, I have my address in NYC. 
4984 Small but practica rooms. Agree, a door to the bathroom would be a plus. Walls rather thin... can hear your neighbor...Staff very helpful. Quality of bedding and linnens very good. Clean room Great location. Would strongly recomend more security in every floor at all times! 
4985 Hotel Metro was in a good location, one block away from Macys. Great views of the Empire State Building at night from the roof terrace. Good selection of breakfast items, which are included in the price of the room. 
4986 Decided to stay here based on tripadvisor reviews and was very happy with the design, Daniel Boulud restaurant, and room service. Staff were uniformly warm and friendly. One of the best city hotels I've stayed in! Restaurant is excellent and down to earth and doesn't seem to be very touristy. 
4987 Nothing is more magical then NYC during the Holiday Season...and a hotel to provide you with a quite refuge at the end of the day! The Pierre is all about tradition,excellence,luxury and service above and beyond... Even the ride up to your floor makes you feel special...elevator attendant priceless! 
4988 I loved this place. It was clean, quiet, comfortable and convenient to all the New York has to offer. I plan on staying there every time I am in the city. 
4989 Great Hotel experience. Great restaurant. Small exercise pool that families think is a recreational pool with jumping/diving and screaming kids. Room was pretty good and wifi excellent. Breakfast was very good too. 
4990 If your looking for an amazing hotel with great service and amazing rooms, you found the place at the London. It is absolutely beautiful and seeing celebrities sometimes does not hurt ! 
4991 Celebrated our 40th wedding anniversary with bed and breakfast package. Booked a room on the concierge floor with a room view of the woods. Everything was excellent. Also enjoyed dinner in the hotel restaurant. Staff was wonderful. Highly recommend! 
4992 Nice hotel with great restaurant chef. I don't usually like hotel food, but out dinner was excellent. Service inconsistent--great front desk, bad doormen, terrible wait staff, good housekeeping. Nice bar with friendly bartender. Pool is OK. 
4993 Just got back today and found the hotel very comfortable with lovely comfy bed. Breakfast was basic but nice to start the day. The reception staff were not that friendly which spoilt it a bit. The best thing by far was the location, Superb. 
4994 My sister and I really enjoyed the stay here ,great place at an affordable price ,I'm coming back again and again. 
4995 It's rare to find a good hotel deal in NYC, but the Buckingham is just that. It was very comfortable and hospitable just stylish enough to be fun without being "over the top." 
4996 i and my wife first-visit your hotel. we enjyoed of our stay excellently! thank you for our happyness. because we are just marierd! 
4997 Right on the park, very clean and comfortable. Rooms are really small but one wouldn't spend a lot of time indoors in NY city, I assume! Friendly staff, great location, good price for a hotel so centrally located. Wifi was not free - only downside. 
4998 watch out for the internet charges! they ripped me off big time - charged me $20 for internet use that didn't work. Not impressed. Otherwise great location and next door to a pub! you can't ask for more than that. 
4999 We went to NYC for a long weekend. All we needed was a conveniently located, clean and reasonably priced hotel. This hotel was exactly that. It was extremely clean and located in a safe area near to the subway, central park, times square and broadway. 
5000 Great location for seeing Broadway Shows and really nice restaurants - all in walking distance of hotel. 
5001 best bed ever. pleasant new york staff. great location. well run. can't wait to go back for a third time! 
5002 Preis-Leistung ok. Spezial Angebote.....over 5 Days.... 
5003 Stayed at the hotel in late December 2011 and was very pleased with the experience. Well-kept, clean and GREAT LOCATION!! Only one negative - WiFi was intermittent at best. Overall, highly recommended when staying in Manhattan. 
5004 I loved this hotel. I went last winter to see the tree and shop. It was in walking distance to everything. The rooms where very clean. 
5005 Perfect location, awesome service. We really appreciated the upgrade to a room with a balcony, the comfortable bed, and the Aveda bath products! We plan to come back and recommend this hotel to our friends. Laurie and Ken 
5006 My husband and I had a wonderful stay at this hotel, our room was great and the view was fabulous. Everyone was so helpful in helping us plan our days and giving advice on where to eat, we were not dissappointed. 
5007 Het NewYorker hotel ligt midden in Manhattan,veel bezienswaardigheden zijn op loopafstand te doen (bv empirestatebuilding). Mooie hotelkamer, niet groot maar ook niet nodig als je in deze bruisende stad bent. 
5008 Close to Times Square, but room was small and bed was very uncomfortable. Cell phone did not work in room or lobby..only outside. Room needs major updating. Staff was friendly. 
5009 Not up to other JW Marriotts I've stayed at. Public spaces seem to be in need of renovation. Restaurant closed, in favor of dining at lobby bar. 
5010 This is a beautiful old hotel and a great value for New Orleans. It's located in a more family friendly part of town which is nice. The staff were all friendly, the beds were great and the rooms were clean. I would definitely recommend again. 
5011 We loved this place! 5 star quality!! Amazing staff. beautiful room, fantastic hotel. And we got a great price through starwood. 
5012 We enjoyed our long weekend in Manhattan at this hotel. The location is absolutely perfect--right at Times Square. The room was very clean and contemporary. The staff was quite friendly and accomodating to our requests. We will definitely stay here again! 
5013 We stayed 6 nights at the Park Central including New Year's eve. The hotel is very well located and the rooms are spacious and well furnished. Very good price/quality. We recommend this hotel. 
5014 Stayed for four nights, wish it was longer. From check in loved every minute of my stay. Wonderful room, very attentive staff. Great location close to Grand Central Terminal. 
5015 Great located hotel. Staff was really pleasant, Larry at the reception will help you have a wonderfull stay! Small lobby and small breakfast area, but you usually don't come in NYC to stay for a 2 hours breakfast in a hotel, right? 
5016 Recently stay at the Marcel in early June. The staff was great and so is the location. Several restaurants and bars are within a short walk of the hotel. Pricing for my room was very reasonable for NYC and the daily charge for parking my car was even better! 
5017 Nice hotel. Convenient for the business traveler on a budget. Clean and modern. No frills but what you get is good. 
5018 Fantastic location very close to Central Park + Subway station. Friendly staff at reception. Dirty bathroom at arrival and during our stay! Breakfast room small. 
5019 We visited at New Years and had a junior suite which was nice. The restaurant was very overpriced and cocktails in the tiny, boring bar were $20.00. Service was nothing special.I wouldn't return. 
5020 This Holiday Inn is a good choice for location in Chicago. The front rooms have a beautiful view of the city centre and Chicago River. Rooms are very comfortable, clean and other luxuries provided. 
5021 Hotel was nice and clean. Rooms a bit small but no complaints as we did not spend much time in the room. Very close to metro. Friendly staff On the edge of Soho more in China town. Air conditioning worked great and was needed for August. 
5022 Stayed for two nights in Feb 2012. Very comfortable rooms and the staff very helpful also. Ideal location as it is walking distance from all the big named shops. We would stay again, defiantly. 
5023 Neighborhood is ok, rooms are good sized by Manhattan standards, noise from ice machine, doors and street can be a bit much. Staff and cleanliness are excellent, which I greatly appreciated! 
5024 Wat een locatie! Tegenover Carnegie Hall, tien blokken van Times Square en slechts twee blokken van Central Park. Een heerlijk plek. Het personeel is heel aardig. Het interieur kan zeker een modernisering gebruiken, maar alles is schoon. Ruime kamers. En tegenwoordig ook een continentaal ontbijt voor 4 dollar. 
5025 Stayed many times and some standards seem to be slipping. Pool area was dirty, wi fi was terrible in the room, elevators needed vacuumed out. Other than that, still an outstanding hotel to stay in, highly recommended. The staff are brilliant! 
5026 Recommend. Great location. Comfortable bed. Clean. Large room for NYC. 
5027 I can't even begin to describe how shabby and run down the accommodations were. We checked out. Save yourself look elsewhere! It is clear that no money is put back into this operation...... 
5028 We just stayed overnight in NYC and this hotel was really nice. It was clean and pretty spacious for the city. I've stayed at a few hotels in NYC, and I will be staying in this hotel from now on. 
5029 Great hotel in a terrific location. We have just returned from New York today. We stayed in this hotel for five days and found it comfortable, wecoming and exceptionally clean. The rooms were a really good size and the bed was excellent. We will be back. Frances Scotland 
5030 The atmosphere is great, but the beds are greater. You feel like you are floating on a cloud once you've climbed into the bed. Down comforters, down pillows, elegant bathroom, warm bathrobes. You couldn't ask for anything more. 
5031 Omg run unless you are used to living with roaches and run down, old EVERYTHING! This is place hotel furniture goes before the landfill. Very gracious about a quick refund and that was appreciated so 5 on service! 
5032 Cool trendy hotel, but very small rooms, and not very modern. The hotel has had a light refurbishment, but still has far to go 
5033 Check-in was fast and friendly....got an upgrade when I mentioned this was my "retirement trip". Helpful, prompt staff. Room was great, with extras, also. Iron and ironing board, fantastic bed. I WILL stay there again. An exceptional location. 
5034 Will only stay here whenever I come to New york again. Everything about the hotel was top class - location, value, cleanliness, breakfast, staff.... Highly recommended. 
5035 Very reasonably priced for the area. Convenient to subway. Friendly staff. Decent restaurant. Normal NYC sized rooms but well appointed. Only complaint would be slow sped of Internet but that seems to be everywhere now. 
5036 Laurelin assisted us with tickets, tours, reservations, and special treats for my kids. She was awesome, organized, energetic, and efficient! I suggested using the W concierge! 
5037 Air conditioner in room did not function properly. Staff was unresponsive to requests to fix the problem. Carpets in rooms were shabby and rooms were not cleaned properly 
5038 The staff was really friendly and helpful for everything. Position good for some attractions reachable by foot and tube Station near. 
5039 Free Parking! Located right across from a police station! Two blocks away from the subway, one block away from Times Square. Wonderful deli downstairs/next door. Rooms are average and worth the price. Pleasant staff. It's a wonderful value and we WILL return. 
5040 This is our 2nd time here! We love it and so did our girls who are 11 and 13. The whole staff is wonderful and makes u feel right at home! The rooms are very clean and the beds are like sleeping on a cloud! 
5041 Great location on the lake drive. Hotel drop to magnificent mile is complimentory. Excellent spa and products. Bar is alive at night at ground floor. Enjoyed the short stay. Parking available at a price. Bathrooms done aesthetically 
5042 Nice stay, with no issues to report. Great location for midtown sight seeing etc, great value. We walked back from Columbus circle with the parade still in full swing and from the in-laws room we could see some of the parade. That was a nice bonus. 
5043 Was surprised to find such a newly renovated hotel and an extremely friendly staff. The 8th Floor Concierge Club is one of the nicer club floors in the Marriott system with plenty of space, helpful staff, free internet access and above average food offerings with honor bar. 
5044 A hip hotel with a fresh design. Everything is very ergonomic and while the rooms are not that big, they are quite comfiortable. Favorite parts: views, the robot luggage strage (that along is worth the trip), rain showers, free wifi, free coffee and drinks bar on every floor! 
5045 Great hotel and fantastic location. Highly recommended. Thanks. 
5046 Ligging v.h. hotel is prima, ontbijt ruim voldoende maar te weinig zitplaatsen zodat je soms moet wachten. 3 persoons kamer veel te klein en benauwd, geen daglicht. Schoonmaken kan beter. Service van het personeel is prima. 
5047 Really nice hotel with confortable room, very clean. All it's perfect. Perfect position to visit Lower Manhattan, Brookling, Ellis Island, Liberty Island. It's a pity Chinatown, dirty and smelly, is just around the corner, between Soho and the Financial District. 
5048 Centraal gelegen hotel, in een rustige straat, zeer goede ligging om te voet stad te verkennen. Kamer voor 2 +2 kinderen is wat aan de kleine kant, bedden zijn nieuw, moderne, schone badkamer. Ontbijtzaal te klein voor aantal gasten, ontbijt weinig variatie, maar werd continu aangevuld. 
5049 This was a very nice and clean hotel with great location. It was suprisingly affordable also. The front office staff could not be more helpful and curtious. I definately recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a hotel in that area. 
5050 stay away, watch your credit card charges from the Peacock Alley Rest. save all receipts no exhaust fans in bathrooms. You cant survive on your past reputation in today's market. Small rooms 
5051 This hotel offers more for your buck. Staff are super friendly, my room was BEAUTIFUL, very clean, and free breakfast in the morning! I would recommend this hotel to anyone flying to Houston. Thank you Wingate; you have a customer for life. 
5052 Small hotel with small but renovated rooms. Free breakfast. Nice area with a lot of restaurants and walking distance to many tourist attractions. 
5053 Great hotel. Biggest, comfiest bed. Good size room for New York. Great location. Concierge extremely helpful with recommendations. 
5054 My husband and I LOVE this hotel for its old-world charm, perfect location to walk to all Broadway theaters, quiet, comfort and overall great experience! We will stay there over and over again! 
5055 Very nice hotel with well trained staff. But the beds are most uncomfortable! Get a room on the lakeside, the view from the higher floors is wonderful. 
5056 I stayed in this hotel 29 years ago and was impressed with the refurbishings and updating. The hotel is pleasant, very reasonable, and pleasant to 'hang around', right in the center of Manhattan life. It was a joy to return. 
5057 Good design, great big bathtub with a view, pleasant work table with window that opens, literally, onto the city. Feels more like an apartment. Nice walking neighborhood, very friendly vibe. 
5058 We stayed for 6 nights, the staff was very accomodating but the whole building looked tired and for the price it was NOT good value. The room and especially toilets would probably passed muster in the 1970's. grubby looking think next time we will stay in a recognised hotel chain. 
5059 Red Roof Inn, Chicago. Outstanding location for exploring the downtown with spotless rooms and a VERY comfortable bed. Rooms small but we are not IN the room but to grab a rest and to sleep. Perfect!!!!!!! 
5060 I had opportunity to stay here on business. It is an excellent location, rooms are small but tasteful and comfortable, except for not having a work surface/desk. Would definitely stay here again. Front desk staff was most helpful. 
5061 Great location, great (free) amenities, great (free) breakfast, great (not free but well priced) rooms, friendly staff, would definitely stay there again when back in town. 
5062 Excellent location and excellent hotel staff. They are concern about giving you their best all the time. The facade of the Hotel is amazing and the hotel itself is very good. However, the real deal of this hotel is constituted by their staff. I totally recommend it. 
5063 Our son convinced us to join a frequent stayer program and so we picked Choice Hotels which is a good mid-range bet. The staff here are excellent and very helpful. Rooms are big and the bed was good. This hotel also offers a great bang for the buck. Recommended. 
5064 This hotel is located right in the middle of Times Square. It is convenient to the best theaters as well as Raido City Music Hall. The pace is fast and time goes by quickley. Home to top notch stores as well as small outlets. 
5065 Very comfortable, large room with a view of Central Park. Large Bathroom, only thing I would have liked more would be more plugs to recharge phones/computers, etc. Harry's Bar was very nice, although the drinks were pretty expensi 
5066 Thank you to Angie and Earl Adams for accommodating my request. I'm looking forward to my first Chicago trip and Ramada Inn stay. will send another review after my vacation Sincererly, Ellyn 
5067 My company stayed there for a tradeshow and this hotel really had much bigger rooms then many others in NY. We really liked it. 
5068 we really enjoyed our stay. rooms are really average but the bed was great, the service was great, the people were great and helpful, and it has a great rooftop bar. we were close to the great things about manhattan, but not too close. 
5069 The Salisbury very centrally located (Central Park 5 minutes, Rockefeller Center 10 minutes, Lincoln Center 15 minutes), my room was really two rooms, with a lounge and kitchenette, clean, friendly staff, only the furniture has seen better days... 
5070 Excellent rooms and service and a great location. Good value for Manhattan. No problems whatsoever. 
5071 Just returned from a Great trip to New York. Stayed at the Southgate Tower Suite and I was truly impressed. It was a great location. The room was kept spotless and I found the staff to be courteous at all times. 
5072 weird location behind a tire store but the hotel is more than OK business center restaurants around the hotel nice rooms free water bottles in your room good breakfast 
5073 stayed at the NY Hilton for 1 night Jan 5th. was upgraded to a renovated room, with flat screen TV. Very modern looking, almost like a room at a 'W' Hotel.... 
5074 Excellent costumer service.. The front desk people were amazing at helping out, but the only problem was that they didn't clean our room :/ besides that it was awesome! The whole night/gothic theme was super cool 
5075 Excellent!! Clean comfortable rooms. Excellent location, excellent service. You can't find a closer feeling of comfort and calm!!!the beds are the best. Stay here, you won't be dissappointed. 
5076 The Park Savoy is not for the rich, the famous, or the stuffy. It is a simple place in a great location. Enjoy the complexity of New York in the day and the evening; sleep simply and comfortably at night. 
5077 Great Hotel for convenience if looking to be right in Times Square. 
5078 this hotel was torn down in 2006. I stayed there for many years and thought I would stop by. It is a beautiful new apartment building. Great location....try across the street. How can ths still be on the the trip advisor 
5079 Nice stay, 10 minutes to Metro. 20 minutes walk to Museum Metropolitan of Arts( central Park). The room is very big and normally the room in NYC is very small. Supermarket\Deli\Pizza only 2 minutes walk. Very nice place and you feel you just stay in this city not a tourist. 
5080 Excellent location, good service and warm atmosphere! The staff was delightful and very friendly. I look forward to come back one day. Overall pleasant and romantic experience! 
5081 Had a Liberty views room. It's great being away from the hussle and bussle of times sq and the like. Great gym, didn't use room service or restaurant so cant really comment on these. Would stay here again without question. 
5082 I loved this hotel, the style, the zone, upper east side of manhathan, loved it. I stay there for just 2 days, at the studio, in 2010. =) 
5083 Het hotel ligt in een gezellige buurt. Het personeel is zeer vriendelijk, de kamers zijn erg schoon en de bedden zijn prima. Er is een CD-speler op de kamer, dus je kunt je eigen muziek beluisteren. De straat waaraan het ligt (Church street) is wel wat lawaaierig. 
5084 Won bid for $115 /night on Priceline - Room was very nice & quite roomy - Bed was so comfortable - Location was great! 
5085 The Courtyard is far and away better than the one on West University- clean, modern, professional staff and all amenities. Close to mall and restauarants. i will be back I'm sure as my company got a great corporate rate here. No complaints. 
5086 Good location, nice rooms, friendly and helpful staff. I and several parties had to change rooms because of random banging sound at all hours. No logical explanation other than banging pipes in the walls. 
5087 This hotel is a standard courtyard offering. Standard clean rooms and friendly service. The location is great, within a walking distance to Soho attractions and stores. Good restaurants nearby that concierge can help you with. A reasonable cab ride from Pennsylvania Station. 
5088 What a great location. On top of that, the convenience of breakfast and afternoon snacks made this a wonderful place to meet family and friends who could assemble before and after daily activities. Rooms were clean and quiet. I will definitely come back. 
5089 Unbelievable location at Bowery and Grand. Close to Little Italy and Chinatown. Minutes away from Williamsburg. Clean rooms, friendly staff and very good free breakfast. brekfast ara could be a little bigger. Gets very congested. 
5090 Took my wife to NYC for the weekend. She loved the room, the floor to ceiling windows, room decor, and the lobby. Service was gracious and friendly. She's happy, I'm happy. 
5091 The hotel was half the price of a similar midrange hotel. The rooms were big and comfortable and the location is great. 
5092 this worst hotel i have ever stay at the rooms where like a shoe box the bathroom was even smaller ,just don,t stay there.... 
5093 The staff is wonderful, everyone from cleaning lady to check in clerks. Mr. Kenneth Benjamin has been so courteous and helpful with all our stays. Very satisfied. 
5094 We had a nine day stay in this hotel and i dont think we could've picked a better place to stay, on 53rd and 6th it was close to everything we needed to be near. Bathroom was great too and the room was spacious. I would definitely stay here again. 
5095 Absolutely loved the location of this tiny hotel! Staff was super friendly and nice. Room was small but perfect for a weekend getaway. Highly recommend! 
5096 The high recommendation of this hotel is well-deserved. Good location close enough to Times Square. Have breakfast at the Olympic Deli opposite. 
5097 I was in town for work and needed to be on the upper west side. Location was great. Close to subway and nice block. The room was tiny (by NY standards), faucet was loose, radiator clanked but i booked online for $130. It was fine but nothing special. 
5098 If your main necessity is not a big room and a lot of space, then this is an excellent place to stay. Extremely clean, good service, excellent location, subway just in front, and very affordable. Will absolutely stay there every time I return to NY. I recommend it! 
5099 We had a nice stay in this beautifully furnished boutique hotel. The staff at Ameritania were really lovely. Delicious breakfast. The standard room is a little small but well equipped with a bed wonderful. Location is excellent, in the Broadway x 54 street. 
5100 We have really been traveling this summer and I must say this is one of our favorites. The service excellent. The room was small, but very quiet and comfortable. We did book priceline and were treated very well. 
5101 My husband and I stayed here for one night in March, and we'll stay here again if we find ourselves in Houston again. The room was small, but lovely. The bar had delicious cocktails. My favourite part, though, was the delicious shower. 
5102 Nice hotel, great location. Room size was OK; bathroom a little bit to small. Microwave and refrigerator in the room. Close to subway and Time Square. Breakfast and Internet not included in room rate. Breakfast taken close to the hotel (5 to 10 $). 
5103 This was a truly fabulous hotel, rooms were big and the bed is the best I have ever slept in. The hotel was very clean and staff very helpfull and friendly. I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. 
5104 A nice looking lobby fronts an oh so average hotel with expensive location. Go elsewhere and avoid the empty promises of this place. 
5105 Melissa Rank, Jamie T, Nicole Kusper, Jamie Torres, Patricia Brown, Tonya Williams and Humberto Cruz were all so helpful and nice. Thank you for a wonderful evening. 
5106 E' l'albergo giusto per una coppia giovane in viaggio per piacere! 1- posizione strategica anche per una corsetta mattutina a central park 2- personale cortese e disponibile 3- buon club serale 4- stanze pulite (vero sono un po' piccole) 
5107 Great location 2 minutes from Times Square. Nice bar with $3 bottles of bud light during happy hour. Class toilets, very trendy. Rooms a bit small but very nice. Good cable service with 100s channels , inc ESPN sports and Soccer channel. Friendly staff. 
5108 The lobby of this hotel is great and the Irish Pub restarant was very good. The room were very old, dark & dreary. The clerks were not helpful in trying to find us another room. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. 
5109 I was on business and did not want to spend $400 per night so ended up here for $299. Rooms were dark, small and misersable. The roller blinds were amusing and the bedding adequate. The lifts were useless. I would not stay here again. 
5110 Keurig hotel, geen moeilijke dingen. Je krijgt wat ze beschijven en beloven. Uistekende prijs/kwaliteit verhouding. Kamers netjes, goed formaat. Hotel echt tegenover uitgang Penn station, perfecte reislocatie voor Manhattan of verder 
5111 I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. The Days Inn rooms were very clean, nice staff, and the Wi-Fi worked super fast. I was just minutes from great restaurants and Galleria. The price was right and I would definitely reccomend this hotel. 
5112 What a view!! We stayed here 2 nights in November 2011. The location is great. The room was luxurious and we had an amazing view onto 9/11 Memorial. The service was very friendly. Great value. 
5113 Great location, very convenient to Penn Station (Amtrak) and and the subway. Hearty and good tasting breakfast included. Rooms are comfortable, but my particular room had a loud humming/vibration sound that made sleep difficult. 
5114 Have been here two days and still can't get clean towels. I've been trying to access the wi-fi and have had inconsistent results. Ceiling is falling in in our room and the whole place smells funky. Definitely not worth the price. 
5115 Our room had a peak view of Central Park, which was nice. In the morning, we got up and took a stroll through the park... can't beat the location. The room was clean and modern, we had a wonderful stay. 
5116 hotel staff friendly and helpful, great rooms and the beds fantastic you get a great nights sleep, couldn't ask for a better location and amenities well its all there. 
5117 Great stay. Room was wonderful, clean and nicely done. Hotel staff was very friendly. Especially the front desk. Jerry L????? was very professional and helpful!!! Only really complaint was the internet was very slow!!! 
5118 When you look out of your room window it is amazing, postcard perfect. We had a fantastic 4 night stay here. Very clean, friendly, safe and perfectly situated for a crazy NYC experience! 
5119 Great location and staff the greatest. Room large by NY standards. 
5120 Average Hotel nothing special rooms are adequate but small. Make sure to get a room with a view. The Hotels location is excellent thats it ! 
5121 Viaje con mis dos hermanas y todo estuvo correctisimo. Las camas y la ropa de cama de primera, al igual que las toallas y los productos de tocador. Increible la cafetera gratis en el Lobby. Excelente relacion precio calidad!!! lo recomiendo todo el tiempo. 
5122 A really great hotel with staff who are super attentive and efficient! I will definitely stay there again as booking in advance it was competitively priced. Good rooms (bathroom a bit small but clean and functional) comfy beds and you get priority booking for the pump room...bonus! 
5123 Comme souvent, les hotels de NY offrent des surprises..... comme le fait payer le wifi alors que les chambres sont a 600 $ ! Dire qu en bas de la rue a Time Square il est gratuit. A quand faire payer l eau chaude? 
5124 Good hotel for the price. Good location. Rooms are very small and lifts are very slow. Only problem was with drainage in the bath/shower which was incredibly slow! 
5125 The smaller rooms are not recommended. Oversized and ugly furniture, after a recent decoration program, leave you to wonder whose girlfriend was chosen to do this hotel. Kimpton usually delivers, this one doesn't. No harm in staying here as long as your expectations are low. 
5126 As always, a clean room, exceptionally courteous staff and the cool ambience were all I needed to fully enjoy my one-night stay in New York! The manager even followed up with a lovely post-stay thank you.Thank YOU again, Ink! 
5127 Check in was smooth, rooms were super the hotel atmosphere is great if you are looking for a historic place. Located in a great spot to walk to many places. If you want to treat yourself in Chicago - this is the place to go. 
5128 Great view of the bay and well kept rooms. Updated lobby area looks great. The only complaints are "forgetful" service and very cramp bathroom lay-out. The bar and restaurant are convienent but very expensive. 
5129 Sorpreso da questo fantastico hotel nel cuore di NYC a 2 minuti da Times Square. Stanze davvero ampie (e non e facile trovarle in un hotel di NYC!), accoglienti e arredate perfettamente. Nessun difetto, assolutamente consigliato (da uno che a NYC ci va ogni anno!) 
5130 Every time I stay at this hotel the customer service gets better and better. Thanks to Ryan Shafi my trip away from my family seems easier to handle. His customer service and excellent attitude made my stay enjoyable. 
5131 This is a beautiful hotel in a great location. Most things are walking distance. The rooms are very large and the beds are so comfortable. You will be happy here! 
5132 Stsyed here in April. In heart of financial. Good for weekday business travel. A little far from weekend activities. Is very close to seaport. Few markets nearby. Subway 1 block away. Staff very friendly. Loved the decor. Creative, interesting. Would highly recommend. Especially for the price. 
5133 Flawless. From check in to check out, a great experience. Location was within walking distance (20 min.) from Times Square, and about ten minues from Grand Central. 
5134 This hotel was very clean. Staff was very nice and helpful. I loved the location. I could walk to Chinatown, Little italy, Greenwich Village, etc, 1 block from a Whole Foods store which was very convenient. 
5135 .Pretty good stay. There are nicer hotels, but I found this to be within my price budget 
5136 Excellent hotel for those wanting a central location. Yes the rooms maybe small, but everything else makes up for it. Staff were friendly & helpful, breakfast is included as are hot drinks. Go for it 
5137 We visited from Feb16-20 and everything was Great.....Would go back tomorrow if possible. Everything in the room and from the from the staff was a AA+++ Thank you from Alabama 
5138 Prima hotel, conform de Amerikaanse normen. Goede kamers, goede service, goede restaurants en room-service, handige valet-parking, etc., etc. Qua ligging ideal als je in downtown Houston moet zijn, en handig als je nog wat wil shoppen in de Galleria (een super mall met alles van goedkoop tot super-luxe). 
5139 convenient location, nice staff. Clean room, good breakfast. Con: the rooms facing the highway are noisy at night. We asked the front desk to give us another room. 
5140 Stayed for four nights from the 29th Nov until the 3rd Dec. Very well situated, rooms clean esp bathrooms. Free tea and coffee available all day and a free New York Times delivered to your door every morning are a nice touch. Staff helpful. Would recommend this hotel. 
5141 Fantastic service and attentive to all details from the time you arrive until departure. Can not say enough about the hotel staff and their attention to detail. 
5142 Nice design,clean,comfortable Hotel in a great location!The food court located next door to the Hotel is also very convenient.The complimentary wine hour in the lobby every night is a welcomed extra.Pleasant staff,great experience all around,would stay there again! 
5143 If you are looking for a small hotel with fantastic service and great location, this is the one. The room was beautifully decorated, the beds were comfortable, extremely clean. We loved our stay here and when in mid-town, will stay here again. A truly 4 star hotel. 
5144 The apartment we stayed in was very modern and spacious (and only strides from Macy*s!), and if like me you're an Internet junkie there is free wireless broadband access. Didn't use the rooftop gym, but was nice to know it was there ... will defiantly use again. 
5145 We justed wanted a clean, inexpensive, comfortable place to stay and we got it. The conceirge was very helpful, even provided us with umbrellas. 
5146 The hotel was in a great location- close to 2 subway stations and Central Park, and the staff was extremely friendly. Some previous reviews mentioned bed bugs, but our stay was bed bug free. 
5147 i recently stayed at the Hilton New York for a conference. The room was spacious, location convenient and the staff helpful. However, the decor was tired and bathroom fittings needed repairs. My colleague's room also needed repairs to the fittings. 
5148 I loved the room, and the service was great! Dream Hotel is definitely a paradigm for hotel management. 
5149 Prefect hotel in central Manhattan, NY. Including lovely breakfast a lively atmosphere and walking distance into NY. I will go there again. 
5150 I highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NY! It was amazing! 
5151 Stayed for three nights. The location was very good, being right next to Grand Central. Rooms have these great 'touch' light switches which make it easy to get find after a late night. Beds were very comfortable. Truly a first class hotel! 
5152 Ein ideal gelegenes Hotel. Wir hatten zu dritt ein Zimmer im 15. Stock mit einem herrlichen Blick. Ja, der Fahrstuhl dauerte machmal etwas aber man hat ja Urlaub. Das Personal war sehr freundlich und hilsbereit.Wir werden auf jeden Fall wieder in diesem Hotel buchen. 
5153 We selected Sanctuary Hotel because of it's location and price, but were totally taken by it's top knotch service, it's awesome decor, it's well appointed rooms, the great Haven on the roof, and the most friendly and helpful staff! We will BOOK THIS HOTEL AGAIN!!! Thanks, Sanctuary Staff! 
5154 Noisy. Lack of services close to hotel. No gift shop or newstand in hotel. Food expensive in hotel with little choice. I was with a person with a cane and we couldn't walk 6 blocks to find food or services. 
5155 Very well located, the staff were great, the Junior Suite is very conforrtable, will most surely recommend it to friends as a great place to stay in Manhattan. 
5156 camera piccola ma pulita, ideale per pochi giorni a new york e per chi sta tutto il giorno in giro. centralissimo a 2 passi da time square colazione a buffet a soli 9,90 dollari a buffet, molto conveniente 
5157 Would highly recommend this hotel! Hip and trendy but still having really good service and super comfortable rooms! And I get why they named it Dream Hotel... The beds are so comfortable! Total urban oasis;) 
5158 Not only is the hotel still under construction, but there are construction projects to the left, right and front of the hotel. Then behind it is a noisy backyard of tenement buildings, complete with clotheslines and hanging dirty mops. Construction workers start yammering and banging outside at 7 am. 
5159 Hotel is perfectly located for all of Manhattan, easy access to all the sights and ideal for shopping and shows. Breakfast was good, as were the staff. 
5160 Such a welcome difference from cavernous impersonal hotels! I thought the rooms were very comfortable and secure, and the staff were more than helpful. Located near Grand Central and so much else. Great free continental breakfast, too. I will definitely go back! 
5161 Its a good hotel and it is with in your price range as its not as much high end or low end 
5162 Its a clean hotel 
5163 staff is good rooms are fine. its near to times square but you have to walk 15-20 min for that 
5164 Excellent location. The rooms are small but nothing to complain. Very charming and comfortable room and bed. Hilton standards at its best. None complaints at all, competitive rate and good hotel to feel well in NY city. Will return. 
5165 What a stay: stylish design, peaceful and elegant room, good location, helpful staff - wonderful! We highly recommend the Asia de Cuba restaurant too! 
5166 The hotel had a great location and the rooms were recently updated with new flat-screen tvs. But the service was what made my experience; they were very accomodating, letting me check in early after my red-eye flight. The fact that the wet-bar was well-stocked was a bonus as well. 
5167 I wholeheartedly second the previous reviewer's observations. Nice looking lobby but the rooms just doesn't add up to what you see from the outside. Could have paid half the price for exactly the same at a low end hotel chain -if I pay more I expect more. 
5168 Good rate at this simple business hotel. Like the easy wifi connection with came with the room. Staff was ok but not very friendly. Would stay again but didnt compare favorable with a much larger room at only 50 more a night with The Wit. 
5169 Extremely good value hotel in downtown Manhattan, very conveniently placed for seeing everything. Be warned the rooms are tiny and there are no coffee or tea making facilities. It does have its own breakfast and dinner places which are very convenient. Staff friendly and helpful. 
5170 I woud not stay at this hotel fot free. Sheets were old and worn out, blanket was gross, furniture old and worn out, bathroom gross, carpet filthy... Stay away. 
5171 I recently stayed here for a business conference. No complaints other than the restaurant at the hotel was overpriced. The place was clean and the staff were professional. It is conveniently located. A little expensive but it's NYC. 
5172 Lovely, centric, cozy luxurious hotel. It's quite expensive but worth it. Located right in front of Central Park. The restaurant is superb. The rooms are the top of the top. And the sheets... well... delicious. One of the best hotels I've ever stayed at. 
5173 This has become my go to place to stay at when I travel into Houston (which is quite often). The location is great, the room is nice, and the staff is incredibly helpful. I recommend this hotel to anyone I know that's traveling to Houston. 
5174 buon posto, personale cordiale, silenzioso. peccato avere avuto una stanza (abbiamo chiesto con il bagno in comune) che non avesse finestre sulla strada ma su un uno spazio chiuso. Cmq lo consiglierei, anche per la zona, vicina alla subway. 
5175 Estuve en Congrees plaza hotel, a principios del mes de Junio de 2012 , es un hotel muy viejo, y el precio que pagas es mucho por lo que es, las habitaciones son muy viejas, olorosas y creo que hay muchos mejores hoteles en CHicago a menor precio, nada recomendable. 
5176 it is a near place for shopping everything 
5177 big hotel , clean and neat, enjoyed staying there. nice breakfast. dedicated staff and worthy service. maintenance of room was too good. happy sleep after enjoying the newyork 
5178 One of the few hotels in the city that has good size rooms. The hotel is pretty good with good customer service and decent food. The location is good with everything you need in walking distance. Room service is only available for dinner and breakfast. 
5179 this hotel has a great location, bang opposite penn station. Also it is fantastic value for money for a family as they have apartment styled rooms which can sleep 4 people. These rooms have 2 bathrooms and a kitchenette. 
5180 Perfectly located hotel to take in all that Chicago has to offer. Nice huge room on 10th floor, nice extras like the Kuerig coffee maker. All in all a great place to stay with reasonable rates in the heart of Chicago. 
5181 Used to small rooms in New York, but this was a good size. Very well equiped, you could even connect your iPod to the clock/radio. Good staff and great service. 
5182 Bad service crappy rooms falling apart bathroom noisy creaky leaky Awful Best thing about it is location and good elevator service Look elsewhere Air conditioner made incredible noise Constant nise from bathroom pipes No glass for drinking in bathroom 
5183 Really great location with shops and restaurants within walking distance. Rooms were large, clean and well appointed. Buffet breakfast was good which we enjoyed outside in the sun. Only stayed one night but would definetly hope to return on furture business trips. 
5184 this hotel is great for being so central to everything and the staff are so helpful, the beds are the most comfy i have ever slept in, would have no problems in returning to this hotel :) 
5185 I was quite nervous about this location, but to my surprise it was in great location. next to 9/11 memorial. short walk to metro station and battery park. the property is very nice and the staff very friendly. 
5186 I drove in from out of town and arrived late. They were very accommodating and personable. The hotel is small and cozy. I had a nice room with a kitchen. The hotel is just 3 blocks from the Brown Convention Ceter and Metrorail, easy walking distance. I'd stay there again. 
5187 The hotel is located to the north of downtown in a buisness district.There is no much activities in this area.The hotel rooms and furniture is outdated and the hotel requires a major renovation 
5188 I always try to stay here when i visit New York. Good location, friendly staff, good food and great cocktails. 
5189 We had a large room with a kitchenette and 2 queen beds and an Aeron desk chair 
5190 High quality bedding. Genuinely friendly service at the front desk. Near Penn Station and the Empire State Building. 
5191 Great location, right in the heart of midtown but on a fairly quiet side street. Very good service from very accommodating and courteous staff. Very nice Asian restaurant with good food and service. Would definitely stay here again. Got a good deal on hotels.com so good value too. 
5192 I love this hotel. No ornate lobby or spectacular atrium. Just clean rooms and a great mid-town location for a reasonable rate. No frills. No fuss. Just the basics, folks. And seriously, what more do you need in NYC? The staff was very helpful too. I'll definitely be back. 
5193 Fabulous restaurant - really great tasting food! Very nice rooms Wonderful service 
5194 Nice, well maintained hotel. Spacious room with queen bed, fridge and microwave, sofa, desk with comfy ergo chair. I'd stay here again. Front parking is limited but seemed safe. PF Changs next door! Near mall. Easy to get in and out of. 
5195 Molto ben posizionato, a tre isolati da Times Square, che si fanno facilmente a piedi; camere ampie e spaziose (a NYC non succede sempre, soprattutto a questi prezzi) e parcheggio convenzionato, ottimo per chi si sposta in auto. Peccato non sia vicinissima la metropolitana. Da tenere presente. 
5196 This was my first time staying at The Surrey and it was lovely. The room was comfortable, the staff friendly and attentive and the Cafe Boulud delicious. Unfortunately the roof top bar was closed for the season but the bar off the lobby was pleasant. We will be back! 
5197 Well located in the heart of Chelsea, the Gem is a nicely presented small hotel. Rooms are pocket sized but well equipped, with nice contemporary decor. We had some difficulty getting a fork - but entirely minor complaint. We will definitely stay here again next time we are NYC. 
5198 This outdated Hotel is very friendly one. Even if the architecture and the structure is not proprely "modern" there is a limit due to lack of restroom in the room. Anyway I found it very decorous, clean and confortable under every other aspect. 
5199 Staff could not have been more accomodating! The rooms were beautiful and we were fortunate to get a room with beautiful view of Times Square! It is in the heart of the action in NYC. We will definitely be back. 
5200 hade a luvely week at Roger Smith, the took so goog care of us ! the bed wre so nice and the svit was the best!!, we will be back!!! big kiss lindgren & seth 
5201 Really enjoyed the hotel - it was a central location and not too expensive. We were upgraded to a suite at checkin - the room was HUGE. Comfortable bed. Small bathroom. Cool bar in the lobby. Not the fanciest, but it was fine. I would stay here again. 
5202 very nice hotel, not cheap, but the views are mainly to the river there are better located hotels this one is close to the Millenium park 
5203 The Sanctuary was a good fit, nice clean hotel in good location for all we were looking for. we would stay there again, did enjoy the roof top Haven as well, staff was very helpful, and breakfast was a nice added touch. 
5204 The hotel was absolutely beautiful and really loved staying there. So looking forward to going back when the roof top pool is open in the spring. Definitely recommnend this hotel. Great location and wonderful staff as well. 
5205 I went to the Millennium Hotel with my husband and absolutely fell in love with the spa/pool area! The view of the city was breathtaking! They also offer reflexology sessions; our practioner, Rose was wonderful! I would definitely recommend stopping by the spa for an afternoon break! 
5206 recently had the pleasure of staying here, room was huge by any NY standard. Location was awesome just a block away from tons of eateries and bars.short walk to central park and museums which was great for the kids. the staff was super friendly and helpful 
5207 all around great stay 
5208 Great service 
5209 Nice size rooms. Rooms felt nicer than the standard hotel room.Great location .Very comfortable beds and bedding. Would stay here again. 
5210 Ideally located in Times Square, great ameneties across the street. Check out Restaurant Row nearby. Staff are very accommodating and helpful, rooms are second to none. 
5211 I was lucky to get a high floor (22) and to have a nice quiet night. Rooms are airy and modern. Nice, firm bed. Great location. What's not to like? 
5212 We loved the location of the Manhattan ... right on 7th Ave with a view of Times Sq from the front door. The hotel itself is a quality product with good clean rooms, beds, and LCD TVs. Great indoor heated pool. Wish it had free internet though. 
5213 stayed for one night - had an amazing time. it was an anniversary. rooms were clean and beautiful, and the staff was absolutely helpful 
5214 would definitly recommend you stay here if coming to NY! 
5215 Stayed here for 4 nights. Our room overlooked Grant Park and was large comfortable and could not be faulted. Loved the decor and the foyer/bar area worked a treat. Food was fairly average but overall a well located hotel from which to visit Chicago. 
5216 I loved staying at this hotel.The staff was great and everything was clean. The hotel looked good as well. I had a great view from my room and the hotel was very easy to get too. I did not eat breakfast but it did look yummy, 
5217 Hottel lobby amazing Lobby bar very cool Executive floor and launge very poor Rooms very old fashion Staff helpful 
5218 This was the funnest hotel of all the hotels my friends and I stayed at! The pool is awesome, the lights are fun, and the staff was super cool. Very informative about all of the things to do in town. Galleria mall is amazing. Really cool fountain. 
5219 The location is advisable for those who want to stay inside The Loop, although there isn't good support for feeding, mainly at late night. The rooms are very tight and a small refrigerator would be very useful. 
5220 Groot hotel midden in Manhattan tegenover het Maddison Square Garden en Pennstation, wat prima gebruikt kan worden als startpunt voor het bezoek aan New-York. De kamers hebben een zeer oud sanitair, wat een minpunt is voor dit hotel. 
5221 This place looks ugly. The hallways look terrible. If it wasn't because of spending these nights with my friends, I'd kill myself. 
5222 La camera standard era talmente piccola da non riuscire ad aprire la valigia. Giusto 30cm attorno al letto , giusto necessario per scendere. Il personale educato ma assolutamente menefreghista. La zona e' comoda 
5223 Il bagno pulito ma piccolissimo 
5224 Tutto troppo piccolo per 200 euro a notte la camera !!! 
5225 We stayed at San Carlos Hotel for 4 days. We would definately recommend and return to this hotel. 
5226 This hotel straddles the Times Square and Hells Kitchen areas. The Hells Kitchen side is only six stories high, so the views from the tower are great. Staff was terrific. 
5227 My first trip to NYC me and my husband stayed at The Herald Square Hotel. And we absolutley loved it! Very comfortable and location was perfect. Not too far from central park and times square. I would highly recommend to anyone! It's home away from home! :) 
5228 Quiet spacious rooms beautiful understated hip comfy. Well trained exceptionally service orientated staff. Kimpton's are great 
5229 Nice location. Next to subway stop and complimentary shuttle ride to Navy Pier. 
5230 Good location close to all Manhattan highlights, very friendly staff, good breakfast buffet. Rooftop bar area small and expensive. Would stay here again. 
5231 Nice boutique hotel. Though in the heart of midtown only little noise, and mostly from the ac. Turndown service was... A big apple! However, almost 400 dollars a night is a bit pricey... 
5232 Small rooms,but very nice,excellent staff ,cool and stylish. If stay had been longer,would have bellman store empty luggage. Great place! great 
5233 This was our first stay at the Ritz Carlton. Everything and everyone was great. The service was top notch, the restaurant food was not typical hotel food, it was gourmet. Book a harbor view room and relax. 
5234 Amazing rooms, comfy beds, staff were attentive and genuinely friendly, free wifi, good location. Can't go wrong. 
5235 Classic hotel on Michigan Ave in the middle of Chicago. Rooms are small and the HVAC system was noisy, but the bed and bathroom were perfect. 
5236 Room $199 (discounted conference rate) Parking $52.00 per day! Internet wifi $40.00 per day! Spacious rooms, good bed, nice marble tile floor in bathroom, with a 12 inch diameter area of MOLD on the shower curtain. (Room 702) Confusing layout between two towers. Money can be better spent elsewhere. 
5237 Very nice little hotel on a good location. The subway is rightnext door, and a lot of sights are at walking distance( the Brooklyn Bridge, 9/11 memorial, City Hall park, Broadway). Rooms are clean and comfortable ans nicely decorated. Absolutely a good place to stay! 
5238 I have never been treated so well. I can't believe how friendly everyone was. We got an unbelievable room. Very big and beautifully decorated. The bathroom was awesome! There was even a tv in the mirror! We will definately go back. 
5239 Stayed this past weekend with a wedding group. Everything was easy ! Check in was quick and Staff were attentive & helpful. Room was Immaculate, bed comfortable, heating / hot water worked well. Never had to wait for an elevator. A terrific stay -- I would absolutely reccommend this hotel. 
5240 Receptionists were unfriendly and not helpful at all. Rooms were not very clean. Don't try to sleep late, the noise of cleaners or workers will wake you up. The upside is the location is good and the welcome chocolate chips cookie is nice. 
5241 great location.. i love that it's near john's pizzeria.. will definitely stay here again when i go back to new york :) the hotel was not pricey considering it's in a good location, walking distance to timessquare and we stayed there during the christmas season.. 
5242 We did a 4 day bus tour to New York over the easter weekend. We had a wonderful time, too much to do we will have to return. Loved it! 
5243 Estuvimos 4 noches de Luna de miel en New York, y al hotel no se le puede Pedir mas, Personal muy amable y de habla hispana,habitaciones muy bien decoradas y muy acogedoras, esta a 200 m de Time Square. 
5244 Some bar staff very abrupt but the rest of them friendly, everyone else friendly and helpful The Hotel is situated on a very busy crossroads , so there is some noise, but a perfect location for 5th avenue, and central park, Macys, Bloomingdales, all within walking distance 
5245 Stayed for 4 days in October 2011. Hotel is in a great location, rooms very clean especially bathrooms. Suites are small though. Staff helpful. Good value for money. 
5246 A convenient moderately priced hotel close to restaurants, shopping, subway and Lincoln Center. Rooms are clean and functional. Service efficient and professional. No frills, but all of the essentials necessary. 
5247 clean hotel, great location, friendly staff and great price through priceline. If you're a tourist in NYC, this hotel will work great for you and your family. we had no complaints. 
5248 The staff at Gansevoort in the Meatpacking District was almost overly friendly. The staff made me and my middle class girlfriend from the Midwest feel like VIP's. I highly recommend this location for young socialites. 
5249 Stay here this pass weekend and it was a very nice stay. The bed & pillows were very comfy. And the free breakfast was great! I would definately comeback and stay. 
5250 rude staff and owner....over charge me on my credit card,, rooms have mold... phone didnt work and they suggested I get I fix it... owner screams at you when you ask him a simple question.. extremely bad value.... 
5251 Stayed for one night while in Houston. Close to the highway. Enjoyed the breakfast, staff was friendly. Rooms spacious. Overall good value. Although I didn't get a chance to use the pool, they have a large atrium and indoor/outdoor pool which looked pretty neat. 
5252 We haven't stayed at this hotel for almost 20 years and the change is unbelievable. The view from the bar at night was hypnotizing and the rooms were great. We were able to request pillows that suited our sleeping style and that was amazing. 
5253 I've stayed here a couple of times and always enjoyed my stay. This hotel offers great value, dependable shuttle service, excellent front service (Darius is very helpful and nice), nice breakfast. Would recommend it without hesitation. 
5254 Loved my stay at Hotel 41. Everyone was so warm and welcoming. The only complaint that I have is the shower in the Penthouse II. It is so high up and the water pressure isn't very good. Other than that, I loved it! 
5255 An old hotel with plenty of charm that borderlines in dated. Close to the action but quiet. Staff is super nice and eager to solve any problem, but it's hard to get over the small, dark room, with old furniture. Excellent internet and very nice bath amenities. 
5256 In generale buon soggiorno, bagno piccolo, stanza molto piccola, nonostante avessi prenotato una deluxe, ma letto grande e comodo, personale molto gentile e disponibile. Forse andrebbe ristrutturato un po'. Riscaldamente molto rumoroso. 
5257 CONSIGLIO L'HOTEL SIA PER LA POSIZIONE CENTRALE E VICINISSIMA A TUTTE LE LINEE METROPOLITANE DI SUPERFICIE CHE NON. IL PERSONALE DELL'HOTEL E' STATO SEMPRE GENTILE E DISPONIBILE AD OFFRIRE INFORMAZIONI UTILI. 
5258 Clean hotel great location could walk everywhere, around the corner is Times Square, Rockefeller Plaza,and the theater district 
5259 Parking is next door,we had a great time at this hotel because of the location. 
5260 Super facility, location was safe and convenient, but it was the friendly staff that made it a real treat! Rachel, Pedro, and many others went out of their way to connect with my family during our five day stay. 
5261 The hotel was clean, accomodating, is close to Central Park and minutes away from Times Sq. 
5262 We stayed here for a wedding and would have stayed longer. Rooms are spacious, beds are comfy and clean. Ask for a room with a view of the river. Fun place to stay in chicago! 
5263 great location, great service, room was vey large by nyc standards 
5264 rooms clean but very small for the price we had to pay. booked online ended up paying much more than was quoted. even got charged $42 for 2 people for a small breakfast we wont be going back 
5265 I use this hotel every sunday for church services and the staff and front desk workers are very friendly and always acknowlegde you when you walk in. As far as cleanliness, they are very clean and have not had a problem with them so far. 
5266 The hotel is very clean.the bedroom itself was ok in size but we found the bathroom to be very small. The hotel is very close to central park which is well worth a visit,it can be quite a walk to the main sites but the subway is always available. 
5267 Ideal location with very nice and friendly staff. very cheap considering the price of other hotels close by. the tea and coffee machine was so handy after full days touring and the breakfast included in the price saves time and more money each morning.. would return again ! 
5268 el hotel es antiguo pero tiene muy buena ubicacion, calidad de precio, y como casi no nos llevabamos en el hotel solo llegabamos ad escansar nos parecio muy accesible, frente a madison square garden. un hotel muy amplio, tiene varias entradas nos parecio muy bien. 
5269 The receptionist knew the area very well, recommended POIs nearby and took care of the booking mishap with my agency. WLAN at the room is excellent. Shops and sightseeing are at the doorstep, incl. watertaxi. 
5270 Cold coffee for three days in the ececutive lounge...no staff most of the day. No paper towels in the mens rooms...air blowers like you find on the highway fast food place. Thirty five dollars + tax and tip for bacon and eggs. This hotel is off of the stay list. 
5271 Great experience 1st time in New york City. Shopped around on the internet and found this motel. I am so glad I did. Perfect location. Friendly staff. Comfy beds. When I get back to NYC this is the motel I will stay in. 
5272 linea bus per il magnificent mile di fronte, 5 min a piedi dal millenium park. Albergo nettamente favorevole per il prezzo,piscina e sala fitness buone. Comoda lavanderia self service.Gentilissimo il personale. 
5273 Visited with my wife and mom. Great location on Broadway, near all the shows. Doormen were friendly and helpful. Lobby on the 7th floor was cool and room was nice. All around good trip 
5274 Its so nice to have an affordable place to stay on the Lower East Side. Thank you Vinny and Tea! See you this Fall ! 
5275 This was my third stay at the IC Times Square. Staff recognized me from prior stays and made me feel very welcome. Everyone from Ambassador guest relations to housekeeping are eager to help with any request. 
5276 We stayed 5 nights in this great hotel. The ambiance is modern, location perfect. The room is very clean, great beds, nice design decor. The only problem is the lack of storage-space. I do not understand why there is no closet in the room. There is plenty of space ... 
5277 Location is perfect. Can have a roof over your head. Then shop till you drop. Westin delivers as always.....Will come back again once in Houston... 
5278 Dated. Dirty with stains on floor. Room was smoked in and all my belongings stunk of cigarette smoke. Don't plan on coming back. I have stayed in 4 star hotels and this is not 4 star worthy. 
5279 Friendly personal, clean and cozy room, perfect location - everything you might need in New York. 
5280 We had bad luck. We arrived at 3 am and the computer had failed. No booking was possible. The desk manager organized a room in another hotel. The costs have been reimbursed in full. 
5281 Had a wonderful stay. The staff was very welcoming. My room was very relaxing. Had a great view. Going back in February. 
5282 The hotel was very nice but the people that worked there were extremely rude. After spending thousands of dollars there, they refused to let me eat a bagel in the lobby and said i had to leave. How pathetic....... 
5283 Couldn't fault anything with the hotel. Located on the Magnificent Mile, it is modern and very comfortable. Staff were excellent and the price was great. 
5284 Old, putride. No WI FI. Bed bug INFESTED! No not stay here! 
5285 The hotel was beautiful - from the lobby, to the elevators, to the rooms and the view from the top. GREAT location!! 
5286 Hotel was good for the value! Location was great...near Times Square and great shopping. The hotel staff were very helpful and pleasant. If I ever go back to NYC...I will definitely stay at the Belvedere Hotel! 
5287 This is a very traditional hotel - I typically prefer something more modern, but the rooms are huge for New York (bathroom alone was bigger than some other hotels I've stayed at in the city), clean and well appointed. Service is great without being obtrusive. 
5288 The hotel was decent. My major gripe is that the beds were rock hard. It was like sleeping on the ground. The rooms seemed clean but on my last night there was a mysterious wet spot on the carpet beside the bed. 
5289 ok,great joke,where`s the camera,take us to our rooms now- please? the worst room we`ve ever spent a night in. stained carpets,peeling wallpaper,filthy curtains,one of the seven dwarfs beds,the list go`s on. Do not stay here. KEEP AWAY! 
5290 We booked 3 rooms for a weekend. The place was convenient, just walking distance to Battery Park where we could take the ferry to Liberty Park. The service was very good, the rooms were cleaned, and breakfast was very decent for the price. Would come back. 
5291 Third year in a row to stay here with family of 4. Nice clean rooms with great space. Very helpful staff (even on busy Labor Day weekend). Good subway access and short walk to central park. Elevator access on tower can be a challenge during busy mornings. 
5292 I have stayed at the Palace several times and am never disappointed- the rooms are large, comfotable and beautifully appointed; service is excellent. Good work area is provided for the business traveler. I also appreciate the little extras like complementary overnight shoe shines. Room Service was excellent as well. 
5293 We booked Casablanca hotel for our stay in New York after reading the tripadvisor reviews and we were not disappointed. Lovely boutique hotel in a great location, just steps away from Times Square. Hotel is very quiet despite Times Square location. Very friendly staff. 
5294 Very comfortable hotel in a side street just off Times Square and with subway station right next to the hotel entrance. Nothing else to say, perfect choice if you want to stay at Times Square. 
5295 vale a pena cada centavo. otima localizacao, estou muito satisfeito com a limpeza e qualidade do quarto. equipe sempre atenciosa. voltando a New York, ficarei novamento no Novotel Times /square. recomendo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
5296 Location hard to beat. Hotel within walking distance of great shopping and dining. Expectations were not met with room. Decor was really dated and budget quality but room was clean and bed comfortable. Stay was okay but too many other options downtown! Be prepared to spend $45/ day to park. 
5297 excellent stay, slept well! stayed on the 20th floor club level. looking forward to my extended stay on the club level with a check in date of november 7th, 2012. 
5298 From the minute you step inside the lobby to the moment you check out you will feel like a star. The One bedroom suite we had was just enormous, the bed was incredibly comfortable and the amenities were just sublime. The Hermes soaps and body lotions where so special. 
5299 Very comfortable hotel. Pillow-top mattress and lots of pillows. Wonderful housekeeping really nice. Centrally located and can walk to most theaters. Doesn't have a restaurant at night if you want to stay. The price was-well it is New York-too high. 
5300 Hotel was beautiful and the staff was very helpful. The bed was extrememly comfortable. The only thing that I didn't enjoy about my stay was the fact that there was not a coffee pot in the room. I really enjoy my coffee! 
5301 Stayed one night for local event, clean basic hotel, with great staff.The view was an alley. The tv was great but obstructed with a wall.No spa , room service etc, but good basic hotel. 
5302 This has a great location, friendly staff, and clean room. The only thing I did not like was that the room was the smallest hotel room I have stayed at in New York. In spite of that, I would go back. 
5303 Hotel ubicado cerca de la ciudad , vecindario muy tranquilo , cerca de lugares para comer 
5304 Habitaciones espaciosas , limpias 
5305 Muy buen desayuno continental 
5306 Personal con muy buen trato y servicial 
5307 Buen servicio de limpieza 
5308 Excelente relacion entre precio y servicio 
5309 Con wi fi y parking incluido en la tarifa 
5310 Excelente precio , desayuno; vigilancia , accesibilidad de estacionamiento y cuartos comodidad solo falto microwave 
5311 We are repeaters. Still the best place in town. Convenient, modern, quiet, safe, great customer service, clean, comfort, and the cookies WOW along with a fridge, microwave, safe amenities. Stayed in many Manhattan hotels over the years. This one tops them all. 
5312 Not very expensive. Small room (525), but comfortable. Clean, everything works fine. Nice neighborhood, quadruple windows. Three blocks from grand central station subway. 
5313 This is a great new Hotel, with EXCELLENT, friendly staff, nice, clean comfortable rooms and a subway station on the same block. Take the #1 train to Houston street station 
5314 It had a good location, very central. The rooms very cleen but the hotel was very old and looked like it could fall apart every second. the bed were very bad and the windows were leaky so it must be cold in the winter. 
5315 Wonderful hotel in NYC. Clean rooms, free breakfast, free evening reception, free laundry, and a wonderful attentive staff. Perfect stay in every way! 
5316 Novotel was excellent , and what a PERFECT location,our room (#1005) look right onto Time Sq.Rooms were clean and spacious. Everything that I could have wished for.Brilliant! 
5317 Very friendly staff, perfect located ,very close to the subway,clean and comfortable, excellent shower, free wireless, good breakfast included. What else do you need? 
5318 Hotel voldeed prima aan de verwachtingen. Goede prijs kwaliteit verhouding, prima ligging met de metro voor de deur. De kamer had alles dat nodig was om een week in New York te vertoeven. Vriendelijk personeel. 
5319 I've stayed in some small hotel rooms but this one is in a league of its own! Hotel is well decorated, clean and wonderfully located, but the room was so small as to be comical. We're talkin' tiny. You can do better for the price. 
5320 Hotel buono pulitissimo ottima cordialita personale all'interno starbucks per un ottimo caffe asciugamani in abbondanza mancava solo il frigorifero e il fon ma molto comodo e accogliente. Vicino si trova la fermata del bus e dela metro anche la path il treno per new jersey 
5321 A little tight with 2 teenagers but a very nice room with a great view. Easy walking distance to Times Square, 5th Ave., Rockefeller Center, Madame Tussaude's wax museum, Empire State Bldg, etc... We had a great experience. 
5322 Albergo originale e curato in ottima posizione, stanze piccole ma confortevoli, personale cortese con un unico ENORME neo: di notte il riscaldamento centralizzato sembra percosso da scimmie impazzite con lunghe spranghe metalliche. Ora...se avete il sonno leggero lasciate stare altrimenti lo consiglio. 
5323 I would recommend this hotel to all my friends. Great location. Perfect value for price. Personnel at the hotel were great recommending great restaurants and bars. Especially a girl at the reception. Unfortunately, I can't remember her name. 
5324 This hotel was a lot nicer and cleaner than I had expected before arrival. Our room was clean, nice and spacious enough for two persons. Not especially luxurious but good enough. Located right next to Times square and Broadway TKTS booth. 
5325 The location is very good, the lobby is beautiful...but the rooms and the service are below standard. I am a Hilton Honors guest and they gave me a terrible room, unrenovated, dark and dank. I called to complain and after waiting 30 minutes they gave me a barely acceptable room. 
5326 very close to times square and very cheap. I think it is the cheapest one around times square. just walk within 8 minutes to reach times square. The subway are also very close. 
5327 Way better than I thought it would be. In a good area, just 3 blocks from Grand Central Station. The interior is excellent with a small cooking area if needed, and all round, very comfortable hotel with some great bars and restaurants just around the corner on 3rd Avenue 
5328 We stayed 6 nights in the Sanctuary hotel and it was really nice. The team is very kind and helpful. The hotel is very good located in Times Square! I will come back soon! 
5329 Hotel is really badly managed and have the worst staff members. The rooms and bathroom are very dirty and no attempt was made by the staff to get it fixed after complaining multiple time. 
5330 Great place for the price..... don't get panicked from the shared bathroom. Its very clean. Would come back again. 
5331 Excellent Hotel in fantastic location 10mins from times square 
5332 clean central and would stay there again... the front desk and concierge were great to deal with... the maids kept an old hotel clean and comfy.. 
5333 Albergo carino, ma camere piccole, non particolarmente accoglienti e non in buono stato. Io, e numerosi altri turisti, lamentavamo problemi di apertura della porte (serrature vecchie e difettose) di pulizia delle camere. 
5334 Nicely located but atmosphere only just OK. Maybe because they were renovating their restaurant, just not all that impressed. 
5335 Very very small rooms, clean enough, however not a great location, close to Ground zero and century 21 shopping. About a 20min walk to Soho. Got stuck in lift twice, not very helpful staff 
5336 My new hotel in NY.. If you want upscale accommodations, this is the one... Definitely on my return list.. Brandon, thank you !! 
5337 A pochi passi da Time Square ottimo hotel pulito con personale molto cordiale Camere arredate elegantemente con vista su Broadway bagno ampio Tv e minibar Purtroppo wifi a pagamento prezzo circa 5 dollari all ora Consigliato 
5338 Good location, average rooms, can be noisy if on the lower rooms, NYC trash collectors are the noisest I've ever heard! And they start very early, so beware. Room OK, clean, very small bathroom!! 
5339 I will keep this short. All NY hotels are small, this one is no different. Rooms cleaned daily, service is brilliant, location is perfect. Noisy heating the only issue, but sorted within the hour. Would use again 
5340 - Need Coffee pots in room. -Mattress was very hard and uncomfortable. -No Restaurant or Room Service. -Air Conditioner was noisey and inadequate coverage. -Need microwaves in room or more in hotel. -Need refrigerators in room. 
5341 Don't lay down on the bed if you plan on going out again...you will doze off! But you'll wake up fast with the awesome shower pressure in the oversized shower. This place even smells heavenly. 
5342 I prefer Embassy Suites when I travel, both on business & pleasure. The 2 room suites plus free breakfast is great deal. 
5343 I love this hotel! My elderly mom and I stayed here, and the view is spectacular! You must visit the bathrooms in the locker rooms on the 42nd floor! Hahaha! 
5344 excellent hotel near to times square and broadway.meal in restaurant was excellent.hotel is basic but ideal for 4 days we stayed there.everywhere was clean and staff very helpful. 
5345 We stayed here after hurricane Sandy and were RIPPED off big time DO NOT STAY HERTha staff are rude it's grossly overpriced the breakfast is 45 dollars the rooms need a massive overhaul lights are falling off the walls bathroom was grubby carpets dirty! It's a disgrace 
5346 Great location, clean, funky rooms, super-friendly, helpful staff, fabulous bar and Norma's. You couldn't ask for anything more! I have never had a better sleep in a hotel in my life thanks to the comfortable beds and quiet room. 
5347 Zeer gunstig gelegen hotel, tegenover Penn Station. Onderhoud en housekeeping zou wat beter kunnen, maar de ligging maakt veel, zo niet alles goed. Met de trein in een klein half uur van JFK naar hartje Manhattan. 
5348 Hotel a gestione italiana un po' vecchiotto ma pulito. Camere piccole. Colazione continentale ottima e abbondante. Receptionist cortesi. Location perfetta, a soli 10 minuti da Times Square e a 2 minuti dalla Fifth Avenue. Consigliato. 
5349 stayed for 5 nights had a good time.a bit dated but didnt matter to me .helpful staff.great deli right next door with good prices ,always full which is a good sign,good stay basic but good , 
5350 Nice, clean, modern, functional, funky but a bit poncey. Staff were stand-offish.. Breakfast is just muffins and coffee (not great if you're glutin intolerant) and not good value if you're paying over $300 a night. Overall though, a great experience. 
5351 Delightful hotel. Spacious suites, fab location, friendly, warm and accommodating staff. Cant think of a better place to stay in NYC for the price. Excellent value for location, size of room, staff and amenities. 
5352 Stayed in this hotel end May for 3 nights with my 2 daughters. The service was excellent, the view was fanastic over Central Park. Easy to find after a night out and we were made to feel very welcome. Would recommend this for a trip to the Big Apple. 
5353 Great hotel, fantastic service. Staff friendly and helpful. The ultimate location. Restaurant with a great ambience. Rooms are clean. If lucky get a room looking over Times square - Awesome view at night. 
5354 Room was the smallest I have ever seen, it is the cheap version of the other w hotels, definitely below the w standards. location is ok but spending the extra $ to be on union square is worthy 
5355 Simply put, this hotel is awsome. Staff, location, rooms. Broadway shows within feet of your door. Great little diner a couple blocks south. If you're looking for a clean, safe hotel...this place is great. Our room actually had a view! 
5356 Close to Penn Station and a reasonable walk from Times Square. Clean and quiet room--even though I was only four floors up, I couldn't hear the street. Great value in these parts for $231/night. 
5357 Omni is a great find in this area. Super easy access to Memorial Park so great if you want to get out for an early run or people watching. Rooms are large with great decor. Pool area loked great...wish I had time to use those facilities! 
5358 Arrived at about 11.00 to be told check in time 3.00pm but to return we did within the hour and we had a room. Staff really great, hotel very clean, room very nice, and right near all the shopping. The business centre was very expensive to send emails. 
5359 Very comfortable, clean and quiet. The room was bigger than many in the city and nicely appointed. Staff very responsive, but unobtrusive. I travel into NYC several times a year and will certainly stay at The Benjamin again. 
5360 Goede ligging, met draadloos internet op kamers en Starbucks aan de overkant. Personeel zeer klantvriendelijk. 
5361 Todo fue perfecto,el trato genial y el ambiente muy relajante.Ademas su hubicacion es perfecta. 
5362 Apart from the amazing location, which this hotel charges a lot for, it is not a great experience. Everything, and I mean everything, costs extra. Checking out is not a peasant experience when you are hit with such a large bill 
5363 Nice hotel, good location. Staff were friendley and helpfull. Rooms were clean and tidy. 10 min walk to times square, find the westway diner for breakfast, excellent value for money and a 100% breakfast. All in all no complaints. 
5364 Great location - minutes from Times Sq, Central Park, and yards from a Subway stop. Would definitely recommend it to a friend 
5365 Loved the architecture of the historic building. Rooms were not huge but very comfortable. Nice large walkin shower and plenty of natural light in the bathroom. The bar in the lobby had a nice cocktail hour each night. Parking does cost $, but the valet is quick and easy. 
5366 Everything in room was very clean and new, but shower curtain was almost too scary to touch, It was dingy, had mysterious stains, and no liner. There was a constant draft blowing the curtain into the water. 
5367 Good location Midtown overseeing Central Park, historical hotel with a posh reception, great breakfast and restaurant for mid-day lunch. Rooms need a bit of maintenance and standard rooms are killed with terrible views on the backyard. A bit overpriced but a great value hotel. 
5368 I enjoy my stay at the Chicago Holiday inn 
5369 Really had a cheap, confortable and relaxing stay Recommendable 100% for businessmen. 
5370 This hotel was clean and affordable and best of all just a few blocks away from the heart of times square. I absolutely love their shampoo and conditioner. 
5371 It's from 20 to 30 minutes walking from the hotel to Times Square. Budget Hotel, no fridge in the room and no laundry machines, but you and find one two blocks away. Close to several eating places and delis. 
5372 Nice hotel, friendly people but in the middle of the rebuilding of the World Trade Center... A lot of foot traffic... Could use an updated menu and perhaps another restaurant with a more casual feeling...rooms are standard nothing spectaular could offer free complimentary water for it's Preferred Members 
5373 Really 3.5 In Chinatown, close to SoHo. Small room, but what do you expect. Clean and functional, good bathroom. Did hear the subway, but not annoyingly so. I'd stay again. 
5374 I just got back from a weekend in NYC and stayed at the Waldorf. This hotel is just awesome. Staff was very pleasant and helpful. Hotel was clean and comfortable. I highly recommend this hotel to all. Can't wait to go back. 
5375 Es la primera vez que me quedo en este hotel y me encanto. Su localizacion cerca de restaurantes.museos. De Times Square.lo hace de lo mejor. Por el pre cio que estaba sabiendo lo caro que es quedarse en New York volveria a quedarme en la proxima vez que regrese. 
5376 You can not go wrong with the Omni Berkshire. The location is great, room was clean, quite location, friendly staff, great shopping near by! I would not have a changed a thing about our stay and can't wait to do it all over again. 
5377 Excellent hotel - great location, surprisingly quiet, very friendly staff, upgraded to a room with a view for my Honeymoon and a really comfy bed. Has nice touches throughout - beautiful lobby, candles in bathrooms, umbrellas at the door for rainy days. Couldn't recommend it more highly, will be back! 
5378 Great hotel, friendly and good location. Rooms not overly luxurious but large and spacious. Great room service but VERY EXPENSIVE! ie $13 for a soft drink from the mini bar!!! $30 for a sandwich (but bloody tasty!!) 
5379 Park Central hotel heeft een prima ligging in het centrum van New York, dicht bij central park. Van deze plek was bijna alles te belopen, genoeg restaurant in de direkte omgeving. Hotelpersoneel was zeer vriendelijk en behulpzaam. 
5380 True. It was kinda old, but all the amenities worked except for the Wi-Fi which was absent the first 2 days of my 5 day stay. The dinner is really nice, too. The hotel provides really good value for the price. 
5381 Stayed here to see a play and wander around the city. The location is perfect, the view is great(was watcing the times square monitor from inside my room], and the staff went out of there way to help out. 
5382 Brand new hotel right in the heart of Manhattan. Convenient location. Super clean and fresh, rooms nicely sized for Manhattan. Hotel staff was friendly and welcoming. I highly recommend this hotel, you won't be disappointed. 
5383 The hotel was very nice and walking distance to many sites (Michigan Ave.) The front desk was friendly and very helpful. Nicole was sweet and always there when we needed help. This was my first time in Chicago, and enjoyed my time very much. 
5384 Positioned right on Times Square was central to everything, shops, restaurants, theatres and all midtown attractions. Staff friendly and helpful and rooms clean with ours having a view down to the street. Inhouse restaurant seemed expensive so we ate out at the many restaurants. Overall great hotel, would stay again. 
5385 A great location within walking distance of everything South of the river, where most of the business centers are located. Great food and theatre within a very short walk ... 
5386 This hotel is in a fantastic location and the rooms are nice. However as with most central hotels the rooms are pretty small and it is noisey but not very noisey. Good staff but the only real reason to stay here is the location. 
5387 One of the best suite hotels in the NYC area for the price. You are in the middle of Times Square with easy access to the entire city. A great place and family friendly. The only drawback is finding parking, which is a common problem all over NYC. 
5388 This is a very well located hotel, with an excellent quality/price ratio, within minutes of Rockefeller Center, MOMA and 5th Ave. The concierge service is particularly outstanding. I have stayed there many times and will certainly stay there again. Andre Saumier, Montreal, Canada 
5389 This is a charming boutique hotel close to Times Square, theaters, restaurants, subways, etc! We enjoyed the lovely spacious room and felt that the staff were very friendly and helpful. We would highly recommend this hotel. 
5390 We had two rooms adjoining, not connected. Beds were comfortable, room seemed clean, air conditioning worked well, friendly staff, older building but well maintained. We would stay here again. Location not exceptional for going to Broadway but convenient to Grand Central Station and shopping. 
5391 Very Good Hotel. Good automatic check in and out, avoiding lines. Good location. Rooms are weel equipped and clean although small. Very good for sleep over, not many activities or enterteinmant in house. 
5392 Very noisy hotel!!!!!Next to E.R.,lots of sirens!!!!!!Tiny bathroom,not very clean!!!!!! 
5393 This hotel is conveniently located near Times Square and all the action of NYC. I loved the room and the hotel staff was very professional. I would stay here again. 
5394 The Hilton New York Fashion District is truly a great place to stay.Oversized rooms that are clean and comfortable;stylish throughout the hotel;plenty of reasonably priced restaurants;a pleasant staff and great amenities(shower,gym,bar) makes this one of the best places to stay in NYC. 
5395 Breathtaking views of the skyline, great service. Expensive to park. Cabs are always readily available. Clean, quiet, perfect. 
5396 Great hotel! Modern, kid-friendly. Nice but not stuffy. Great accomodation, great pool & great food. The location is wonderful -- close to the beach & all of the fun activities on Navy Pier. We'll be back during our next trip to Chicago! 
5397 This hotel is in an excellent location- an easy walk from Grand Central and around the corner from Times Square. The staff is very friendly and the rooms clean. We found everything comfortable and the price is right. We will be back! 
5398 Enjoyed our stay. Service excellent. Breakfast enormous. Love the location. Central Park walking distance, 5th Avenue a block away, great bistro Rue 57 across the street and up one block. Only problem was no free wi-fi and wi-fi charges were really expensive. 
5399 Thank god i only had to stay here for 2 nights. Way too far and too sketchy of a neighborhood. Would pay more per night for a closer and nicer hotel any day of the week. Don't stay here if your claustrophobic rooms are about 400 square feet. 
5400 Hilton North is a well oiled machine. You feel welcomed from the moment you walk in. The rooms are clean and well taken care of. You can tell the management really takes pride in their job. GREAT EXPERIENCE! 
5401 buon hotel ubicato in ottima posizione (time square),sicuramente il mio punto di riferimento per new york. camera spaziosa e confortevole ,rapido il check-in e il check-out,confertevole la lobby con vista su time square. 
5402 the first trip with my family. it was a perfect stay with a fantastiv view over NYC (52th floor). even my small 10year old daughter enyoyed the hotel and all near location around it! nearly everything in walking distance. great 
5403 staff cordiale e attento come al solito negli Stati Uniti, essendo abituati poi alla scarsa professionalita' del personale degli hotel italiani... La mia stanza non era eccezionale, al prezzo che ho pagato si trova di meglio. Niente di che anche la colazione. 
5404 Very good location for Central park and Carnegie Hall. Service as you would expect in New York and the rooms were clean and a well stocked and welcoming bar. 
5405 May 15, 2007 -Our stay at 414 Inn was surprisingly great. The staff was so helpful and the breakfast was very satisfactory. We found it a great location for restaurants, etc. We definitely would stay again. Sandy and Marvin - Woodland Hills, CA 
5406 Very good hotel, excellent location. Slow elevator is the only problem. 
5407 Clean, bare bones hotel (no restaurant or bar) with small fitness center. Loved location. 
5408 Could not have hoped for a better location, it was very close to the Empire State Building. Hotel was a bit overpriced, then. The hotel itself was average. Breakfast was mediocre, rooms just ok. 
5409 we stayed here for 6 night the service was very good all the staff went out off there way to make us welcome. moonstuck across the road was very nice for breakfast. we will stay here again....... 
5410 Beautiful room. Excellent location. Just beside the subway. Good restaurant. Helpful and friendly staff. We stayed here for 5 nights and we had no complaints, which is a seal of approval for any hotel. This is a very nice boutique hotel. Recommended. 
5411 My entire experience at this hotel was impeccable. The room was clean and spacious (which is rare in the city!) and the hotel staff was helpful. I used the boardroom for two nights and the staff set up the room perfectly. Thanks for a great, stress-free business trip. 
5412 Things we love: location of hotel, size of room (HUGE by NY standards), linens, showerhead + bathroom, workout facility...all were updated and well appointed. Cannot wait to return 
5413 I was very pleased with my stay at the GEM Soho. The rooms were comfortable, clean and stylish. Its on a busy corner but was surprisingly quiet....probably well insulated windows. A quick walk to all Soho venues. And price was great! 
5414 Exactly what I expected, spacious, clean, friendly staff and very conveniently located right in the heart of the best part of Chicago for visitors. I asked for a quiet room on a lower floor and they got it right. I would book again. 
5415 Everything I want in a business hotel. Large room (by NYC standards). Nicely decorated, great bathroom, quiet, competitively priced, good free internet, close to subway (Line 1 at 79th Street) This will be my NYC base when I am in town from now on. 
5416 Estuvimos con mi esposa e hija en abril de 2012. Excelente ubicacion, a no mas de 4 o 5 cuadras del Rockefeller Center, San Patricio y Naciones Unidas. Habitacion impecable, con cocina completa, camas super amplias, y una muy agradable atencion. Sin dudas volveria! 
5417 The hotel is located on west Broadway in Soho near many restaurants and tons of shops so the location is a fun one. The rooms are typical New York size and well laid out. The hotel itself has some cozy seating areas and a nice restaurant. A fun spot. 
5418 You get what you pay for it. You stay in a box without windows. You have to wait to use the share stinky bathroom. I wonder why it is called a hotel. I did not enjoy the experience even with the low price. 
5419 Rooms are small, but it is NYC. Except that, I had no problem spending a few nights at this place. Clean rooms, wireless internet, friendly staff. 
5420 Good sized room for NYC. Modernly furnished. Great value for location. Subway stop right outside hotel. Walking distance to Rockafeller Center & Times Square without the noise. Service was good. Lobby bar could have better beer/wine selection. Duane Reed right next door was great for snacks or forgotten sundries. 
5421 I generally stay at Hotel W when I go to NYC. I tried the Westin and liked it. Clean rooms and a good location in the heart of Times Square. Centrally located to walk throughout Manhattan. Also close to Hells Kitchen, which has many great restaurants to chose from. 
5422 Very nice hotel, on 7 th floor could see out over Chicago. Room had a small balcony. Food is superb and price is excellent even the room service price is reasonable. Jesus is the waiter you want if you eat at Dine. He caters to your every need. 
5423 Fantastic location, clean rooms. Exceptionally high finish, friendly staff, 24 hour gym and breakfast muffins! What more could you need!! 
5424 Thought this place was great, great location, great service, clean Rooms were small, as expected with NYC Lovely little hidden gem Elevators need some serious speeding up though 
5425 Paying $560 for two nights we would have expected to get a better overall service. Breakfast area in the reception are and staying in a smoking room was not what we anticipated. 
5426 The staff was not helpful, the room was tiny and not what I had reserved. Very run down, needs a lot of work. 
5427 Only is stood 1 night, but location great for anywhere in the city. Room was clean, nice size and the front desk were very pleasant & helpful. Was very happy with my choice. 
5428 Have just returned from New York. Super stay at the Hilton with a friend. Perfect location in the heart of the city. Spacious rooms which we liked and great staff. At check-in Chris was really helpful and attentive and Chad was great, asking if we were happy with everything. 
5429 This is one of my favorite hotels in NY City. Great location, great food and the service is fantastic. I stay here 6-8 times a year, each trip consisting of 2-3 day stays. On my last stay, we were up-graded to a suite. 
5430 Yesi checked me in, was SUPERB in giving me all the necessary information regarding my stay, and surrounding areas. Then both Jeff and Courtenay were EXCELLENT at providing me with wonderful places to eat, and easy walks to shopping areas etc. The staff alone made my stay here 5+ stars 
5431 Book well ahead firm for great rates. Good location and ample spaced room. Compared to many similar hotels in Manhattan this one is above average value. 
5432 We loved The New Yorker! The Staff was Awesome and Location was right in the middle of everything- The Tick Tock diner was a great place to eat! I would definitely stay there again. 
5433 Tolle Lage, toller Blick, freundlicher Service! Hat mir sehr gut gefallen 
5434 My husband and I stayed at the Alden while in Houston for a business conference. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, and the room was clean, spacious and modern. The Alden is now our hotel of choice in Houston. 
5435 What a great hotel 50 paces from times square.They treat you like royalty.Even though it's 50 paces from Times Square, the hotel is very quiet.The hotel is also very clean and very modern.The breakfast and evening cocktails are awesome.I look foward to returning. 
5436 Nice little boutique hotel in the heart of SOHO. Nice bars, great staff and very knowledgable about everything you need from shopping to restaurants. Great area to stay for a romantic weekend away from the tourist frenzy of Midtown. Enjoy! 
5437 I've just been back for about my 5th stay at Mela. It's still excellent. Good friendly staff, lovely clean fresh rooms and always a good nights sleep. Ask for a room at the back away from the street if you want it to be even quieter. 
5438 On my way for the 3rd stay at The Murray Hill East. Quiet neighborhood, close to Grand Central Terminal, lots of room, clean and safe. Staff has always been friendly. Nothing fancy, but very homey. 
5439 Hotel location is perfect (beside Grand Central Station). Room was small but clean and comfortable. Breakfast is not buffet, hence somehow limited if you want to take something not on the menu. Price is high, but in the average for such quality hotel. 
5440 I would recommend this hotel if all you want is somewhere to wash yourself, lay your head at night and maybe watch some tv. The rooms are extremely clean and comfortable. 
5441 the best location you can get for your stay ,the price was right,the location is brill,i would stay again, 
5442 My 2nd time at the Millenium. Both times I was allowed to check in early. Fast elevators. Quiet and clean room. Nice view. Fast check-in and -out. Great stay. 
5443 This was an excellent hotel for NYC. Location is wonderful. Prices are fair for location and and good clean accomodations. Staff was helful at all times. Restaurant food was good but a little overpriced. 
5444 Comfortable bed, clean room, nice bath and that's about it. Very small room and VERY noisy neighbors. Would we stay again? Probably not. There was nothing that inspired that 'we must come back here' feeling. 
5445 Came for a quick visit to the city. Yotel is conveniently located near Theatre district. Very cool adequately sized room for 2. No frills, good security. They were running special pricing which made it very attractive. Very international clientele. 
5446 The Nyma hotel is central to all the Tourist sites, it i also wallking distance to all the fashion outlets including Macy's The rooms are very clean and well maintanined the service is good,. I would recommend Nyma Hotel to anyone planning a trip to NYC. 
5447 Good sized rooms, provided a "roll up bed". Clean, everything you need, kitchen fridge etc. 
5448 We stayed 7 days and enjoyed it tremendously. The comfort, service, location and price made our stay very enjoyable. We are trying to book again for the spring but cannot find any room availability. We will keep trying as we want to return. 
5449 Wonderful central location to Times Square and the theater district .......clean and tidy. 
5450 Enjoyed every aspect of this hotel. The staff is exceptional. Enjoyed being able to walk to great restuarants,other areas of the city and subway. I would stay here again and hopefully soon! 
5451 Service was helpful and friendly, room was modern, clean and comfortable, room was quiet - liked the fact that there was not much to the hotel, minimal check in, no restaurant (just an affiliated establishment), liked the lounge on the 2nd floor - just what you need in New York 
5452 It hardly needs saying again considering all the great reviews on this web site but I don't think I would ever stay anywhere else in New York having been to the Sofitel. It is a lovely hotel, in a perfect location, with great staff and worth every penny. 
5453 The Palace is in a great location! The rooms are spacious, clean and nice. The courtyard is very nice, but expensive for a drink with friends. The staff was efficient. You will enjoy your stay here! 
5454 room was ridiculously small.. no space to move. If luggage was on the floor no space for standing up..terrible! Had to ask for room service otherwise nothing would have been done! Hotel overall is old and dirty! Absolutely disgusting.. not worth the money at all!!! 
5455 I must stay, being a long-time resident of the city, that the service we received was absolutely amazing. My wife and I spent the weekend at the Mondrian for a little "staycation" and had a marvelous time. Wilson, thank you for the hospitality. 
5456 Very clean, Very polite and helpful. Wonderful view! 
5457 Old hotel, very noisy, sanitaryware items is broken, towels is dirty, bad smell in the room, no slippers and bathrobes in 5 stars hotel!!! No minibar in the room and no compliment water. Newer return to this hotel! 
5458 Great vibe, recently rennovated decent facilities great location..what more could you ask for...Loved it! Only downside...really small porrly equipped workout room. 
5459 Have been a regular guest at the Paramount since it opened several decades ago ... and I must say it only gets better and better. Unique accomodations, attention to detail and excellent staff make my stays there pleasant always. 
5460 Okay little place for the money, but I had a bad experience with bed bugs. I had five bites on my arm, and even caught one little guy in the act...gross. Beware room 407. 
5461 Great staff and crew! Very nice view (26th floor on the Hudseon river). Very good bed, slept like a bay. Nice selection of tv channels. Good muffins for breakfast, with coffee to go. Very practical! Liked it very much. I wish to go back one day. 
5462 This is a teaching hotel with students from UH hotel mgt program. Very professional and friendly. One review said you have to check in before you can enter garage. Not true! Get a ticket and take elevator up. Easy. Hotel is very quiet and modern! 
5463 Yet another fantastic stay at the Affinia Manhattan. Friendly, helpful staff and a fantastic room that met all our requirements. I wouldn't stay anywhere else and fully intend going back again as soon as possible. 
5464 We had a pleasant stay in this aparthotel in NYC. Very clean and comfortable. May eb a bit expensive, but good service! 
5465 We had a fine room with a magnificent view on Lake Michigan. The room was fine and the beds were good. Just one disadvantage, you have to pay for the Wifi-connection. 
5466 I recently stayed at the Crown Plaza hotel with my family. Thanks ,Jon Coleman! :) We Love this place. Spacious Rooms and the complimentary Later check out they offered was Grrreat. We will be definitely be back, Love the Area.... 
5467 got wrong room,requested smoking,got that sorted.room was awful,poky run down,pubic hair on pillow,sheets had hairs from last guest..yack.. needless to say a dump 
5468 Clean, friendly hotel. Huge rooms. Close to subway and an easy walk to Chelsea and the west village. 
5469 Stayed here for the second time and were not disappointed. The staff is professional, the rooms are well appointed and well kept. The bathroom was small, but the room was large for New York. The location is ideal for theater, dining and shopping. 
5470 This hotel was over the top accommodating across the board; we had a very important presentation that my team was prepping for and this experience was exceptional from the coordination of our business meeting to general service. We will definitely use them again for upcoming business travel/meetings. 
5471 If you plan to travel to New York ,Doubletree is the perfect choice beacause of it's perfect location at midtown Manhattan you can walk around safely,the hotel itself has a feeling of freedom and relax,perfect for visitors as most of the places to visit are very close. 
5472 Great rrate quiet and restful to sleep , safe area, to walk and athe deli across the street is fantastic 
5473 Hotel centraal gelegen t.o.v. het metrostation. Nette ruime kamers voor een redelijke prijs. Enige minpuntje was de redelijk nonchalante houding van de receptiemedewerkers verder niets op aan te merken. 
5474 This is an exceptionally clean hotel with attentive staff, nice washrooms, and easy access to the B and D subway lines to go uptown or further down (or to Brooklyn). Best continental breakfast I've had in a hotel (make your own waffles!). Would go back again and again. 
5475 The hotel is 2 blocks from Time Square and is very comfortable. The breakfast is more than generous and it is very clean. Our room was recently redone as everything seemed brand new. GREAT value for money ! 
5476 I wanted to spend one night with my girlfriend in the heart of new york city, and The Hilton Times Square provided the best location. Will definetely return. 
5477 Silvia Guidos/Lopez. I have been using the business center a lot and was well assisted by the employees, particularly Silvia Guidos-Lopez. 
5478 We stay at this location because it is close to family and has easy access to the Sam Tollway. The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly and helpful and the continental breakfast is always well stocked. 
5479 Just a $30 cab ride from LGA, this hotel is a gem. You are steps away from Times Square. The rooms are clean, the staff is very helpful, free internet in lobby and business room. We didn't get breakfast at the hotel but tons of choices just steps away. 
5480 Great great great! Umbearbly great. The rooms are spacious nad beautiful. The bed... wow! And it opens into the Galleria shopping mall. Loved it! 
5481 The hotel offers you a top class service and accomodations. 
5482 Sleek, yellow glowing acrylic everywhere. Cheap rates brought motley crew of tourists. Tiny room is cozy, just big enough for the queen-sized bed. no mini bar. Good location. Great outdoor lounge bar. 
5483 I'm impressed by my stay at the Springhill Suites! The rooms were well appointed, 2 queen beds, 2 flat screen tvs, a mini fridge and microwave, sofabed and chair. Super clean, and quiet. Great prices too. 
5484 Excellent! Excellent location, very clean, tidy and quiet and very nice staff. Yes the rooms are small and you share a bathroom but they were very clean and never had to wait to use the bathroom. Highly recommend it! 
5485 We were looking for a place to stay that is safe, clean and conveniet. That is exactly what we got. I do not have a single complaint about my stay. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a bargain near Times Square. 
5486 El hotel esta muy bien ubicado,las habitaciones son comodas,del servicio no puedo opinar porque no solicitamos nada.Volveria sin dudar. 
5487 Didn't stand out in any way really. Evrything with the hotel are at least good - rooms, lobby, elevators etc. Thus a good stay 
5488 Very nice family run hotel. Modern, clean and every imaginable amenity included in the room. A great place to stay near Hobby airport. 
5489 It's big, lots of rooms, long carpet corridors and a never ending people arriving and leaving at the same time, all the time. But still remaining clean, comfortable and reliable. 
5490 Freundliches Personal 
5491 Only stayed one night, but the room was great. Very clean and Quiet. Great workout room too! Highspeed internet. Everything you would expect from Marriott! This was a great hotel for the money. 
5492 There is half an hour line waiting for the reception. The service was very horrible!! The rooms are very old, and the walls paint was peeling. 
5493 Nice upscale hotel, great location, fast elevator, good service 
5494 rooms and very nice and very clean i would stay their again 
5495 Stayed overnight and was very pleased with this hotel. It is new and the rooms were roomy and very clean. The lobby area is well laid out and the breakfast was above par. I would recommend this property to anyone looking for a clean comfortable hotel. 
5496 We didn't sleep at the Peninsula - but we did have a drink (cosmopolitan and beer) at the rooftop bar (Salon de Ning). Yes it's pricey, but the view is incredible!!! We had such a great time having a drink here and the staff was very friendly. 
5497 The localization is perfect, the rates are inexpensive. I'll come back! The only thing that is awful is the elevator system. It takes a long time to arrive, along time to close the doors , but it's ok... 
5498 - Great location (Times Square/Broadway) - Good welcome desk/non existent concierge (always gone or busy) - Rooms very decent and nice view (we had 2 rooms on different sides) - Food rather poor (go and eat elsewhere) - Gyms OK 
5499 Room was fine and clean though small (typical of NYC Hotels). avoid the 28th floor if you don't like switching elevators. Staff was friendly. within a quick walk to Grand Central Station or Rockefeller Center 
5500 everything else as expected. $15 to use gym which was just crosstrainers and treadmills essentially 
5501 Our room was very nicely outfitted. The bed was very comfy. Had a great view. Loved the location. Walked to Millennium Park and dinner at Miller's Pub. Love the Keurig in the room and the coffee bar in the lobby. Staff was very polite. 
5502 The hotel is very centrally located for those visiting mid town NYC. Subway terminals and attractions are nearby. The room was clean and spacious by NYC standards. We felt it was a good value compared to other options in the area. 
5503 We enjoyed this hotel a lot...2 adults, 2 kids (ages 3 and 5). There is plenty of room and a great lobby! I always think Embassy's are a good value with the free drinks and breakfast. I would stay here again and recommend it to others. 
5504 I found the staff to be very courteous and helpful. The room was large and clean, particularly for the city. I think we've found a new favorite. 
5505 The junior suite is very spacious and more than adequate for our family of 4. You couldn't ask for a better location. Its easy walking distance to Fifth Ave, Central Park, and the subway. 
5506 The staff were very pleasant. Especially the ladies who clean the rooms.The rooms were fine although were a little cold sometimes. This was my third time at the hotel and I will stay there again. 
5507 Next door was a major construction site, but regardless, the Hampton Inn Madison SG offers a good location, clean rooms and bathrooms and friendly service. Nothing exceptional, but equally nothing worth complaining about. Would gladly stay there again. 
5508 Great security at the door, always smiling NYC police officers. When you arrive inside the entrance, different story. The male employee that stands beside the escalator, always in my way. He definitely had an interest in me, back to the NYC officers. 
5509 was a really nice hotel really modern design friendly staff the alarm do some noise on the first night 
5510 We stayed in an older suite (3 adults/3 kids). The room was a nice retreat from the busy holiday rush. One of us accidentally left jewelry on the dresser and it was a nice to see it untouched. Would recommend highly. 
5511 This hotel is at a great location near Times Square and a subway stop. Be aware that it is an older hotel, so the elevators are a bit small and slow. Also, shower water temperature is not consistant. We stayed there 6 nights and those are my only complaints 
5512 Normally, I stay in suite properties on the East Side but for a one night mid-week theatre get-a-way I took the AMTRACK on-line recomendation and stayed here. A very European ambiance. Small room but nice sophistication and sharp staff. The $10 breakfast was pretty good too. Great find! 
5513 This is one of those suite chains that has decided that a trendy lamp makes up for a bad bed, bad customer service and a poorly designed room. No room service, no vending, pay an enormous price in their mini-mart if you want a soda or anything else. 
5514 We have come to expect no less from the staff at the DuMont. Always cordial, always courteous, always thoughtful. The rooms are always well appointed and thoroughly clean. The staff, from top to bottom, is always helpful. 
5515 We love the Michelangelo, alwasy consistent always great. Location is ideal, the staff accomadating, rooms clean and trust me i pull back every layer of bedding when i arrive! We manged to get into Babbo and make it make to theater district for Wicked...AWESOME!!!! 
5516 Great location. Quiet rooms that were a good size. 
5517 Small rooms and very expensive. Very nice front desk staff made the trip for me. Otherwise is was OK. 
5518 Hotel room was small, but perfect with remodeled bathroom, window view, responsive staff, great location in Koreatown right at subway a block from Empire State Bldg. Stayed here Thanksgiving time 2008 at great price of $150/night including good continental breakfast. We hope to come back here again. 
5519 this hotel does not worth $ 1 , it is dirty and outdated 
5520 it needs complete renovation 
5521 The service was terrible! The front desk staff was awful!! The hotel was not very clean. I would pay a little extra and stay somewhere else!! 
5522 Voy a volver a este hotel cada vez que vaya a NY. Limpio, atencion amable y muy bien ubicado. Perfecto que tenga conexion wifi. 
5523 we went to new york for the first time, on the 6 of may and we stayed in the westin hotel on times square. it is a brilliant location, staff are brilliant, we got upgraded to the atrium club, which i must mention the atrium lounge which is superb. 
5524 Good, friendly staff, decent location, but found the room small and abit cramped, Odd placement of the Air Conditiner/Heater. In window, next to bed. 
5525 Le Parker Meridien is my hotel of choice when in NY. It has a fantastic location, great rooms and rates and many of the employees are there from trip to trip. 
5526 The hotel is in a very nice area of the city, next to the Central Park, Fifth Avenue, Time Square and so on. Great treatment, good employees. And there's fitness room! 
5527 Perfect location for shoppping, Macy's just around the corner and 10 mins from Times Square. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms were spotlessly clean just a little shabby NO BED BUGS! gOOD VALUE FOR MONEY. Tick Tock cafe close by serves a great breakfast. 
5528 Perfect location close to 5th Avenue shopping district, Bloomingdale's and Central Park. Attentive staff, hassle-free option. I highly recommend and will definitely stay there again. 
5529 I had travel zoo coupon and booked this place, it's very nice and clean. The location is convenient too. Decent place to stay in NYC. 
5530 Excellent hotel experience. The hotel was very clean and is in a great location. The staff was friendly and helpful. Jack Singh was working while we were there and he is especially nice. They serve a nice breakfast. 
5531 unique hotel, clean, pleasent staff, great location and free wifi!!!. As a business person you don't get any better than that. 
5532 Great hotel with great hospitality ....I had my clinical board exam and found this hotel the best place to stay in...very quite and clean ....Many resturants surroud the hotel....If i visit Houston again ,I will stay in it without hesitation.Best for money value ...everything are nearby shopping,dinning,etc. 
5533 I was up in NYC for a conference and this was a great location. 
5534 We loved the St-Giles! Our room was huge, well decorated and even offered a glimpse of the Empire State building from our window! The location was perfect. The staff was friendly and helpful. All in all a great place to stay for a fantastic getaway! 
5535 Everything you've heard about this place is true and then some.Rude staff,deplorable condition of rooms,looks like it hasnt been renovated since the Hoover administration was in office.Good location is the only good thing to be said about it. 
5536 Recently stayed at Gansevoort Park for a quick weekend trip to NY City. The room we stayed in was spectacular and very cool! Could not of asked for anything more! Great experience. We will be visiting again. 
5537 Good size room on top floor with HD TV, King size bed, no hassle check in and out. 
5538 Amazing comfort, fun bar in the hotel also a Bliss spa -though this is cosmetic and pricey. Room was on the small side, but this is NYC. Love the W hotels and the ambience they have. Cool comfort. Convenient location for Manhahattan. 
5539 Excllently priced, very friendly and close enought to walk to Macys, Times square etc., Clean rooms and good service 
5540 This was my second time staying at Wyndham Blake and each time I've had a good stay. I will stay here again. 
5541 This was the ideal location for us. Free on street parking. Free WiFi. One block from the Blue Line. Great restaurants nearby. Easy access to freeway. Close to our son's apartment who we came to visit. Good value at $100 per night. 
5542 Really terrible. I realize NYC is expense, but you can surely do better. 
5543 The hotel is nice...clean..great location..BUT...dont park your car there!@ The valet scratched my car and the hotel employees, manager and parking attendant have forged documents and are trying to say the damage was there prior. Save yourself the aggravation...go elsewhere! 
5544 Terrable place to stay for the price and is not as the advertise. It is a dive. Room is small, old, wore out carpet and beds. Also has bed bugs, For the price of $200 a night stay somewhere else. 
5545 Shopping trip for the holidays - great location. The staff was very friendly, lobby beautiful, Christmas decor was great. Room was ok - spacious, but not very impressive for the price. Great view of the cathedral from the room. 
5546 Excellent hotel, modern, and immaculate. Location is fantastic and excellent for the walking tourist. Rooms are very nice, staff friendly. Would definitely go back again. 
5547 The rooms (including the bathroom) are small but clean and comfortable and a good price for New York. The attached restaurant isn't too good but the hotel is near a number of good restaurants. 
5548 Ottimo hotel a due passi dalla quinta strada e da times square. Camere abbastanza spaziose, accesso a internet gratis. Colazione a buffet non entusiasmante. 
5549 For travelers that are looking for a good b&b hotel, this is the best choice. Clean, well located, free wifi available, metro station in the same block. Walking distance from Empire State Building and Macy's. 
5550 Goed hotel,zeker de vier sterren waard. Super vriendelijk en service gericht personeel. Strak ingericht, perfecte bedden. Locatie geweldig, straat uit en je staat midden op Times Square. Volgende keer New York zeker weer naar dit hotel. 
5551 I've seen small hotel rooms before but this was ridiculous. The hotel itself was great. The location was excellent. The staff of the hotel were super friendly and very professional. I'm just glad I got this room on priceline and didn't pay full price for it. 
5552 Loved my stay here. Room and bathroom were really clean. The room was small but I didn't mind side I only needed a place to sleep. Subway is only a block away which can take you to where all the attractions are in 10 min. Will defenetly go back! 
5553 Rooms were small but clean. Modern design. Hotel has nice roof terasse. You may take your breakfast stuff up there to enjoy nice city view. Staff very friendly. Very good location in east village with plenty of nice and trendy restaurants around. 
5554 The price at X-mas season was high, but I think the price is generally high in NY at that time. The room was too small. I have had a room with bad view. However, very good location, near Times Quare and Central Park, directly located at the Metro station. 
5555 This hotel was very very clean and the rooms were very nice. The staff were very accomodating. The beds were very comfortable. I would stay there again in a heartbeat. The rates were very very good. The breakfast they proivided was great. I highly recommend this hotel. 
5556 This hotel has been transformed. The aesthetics,linens,layouts give a luxurious feel. We even had a view which was a first for us in NYC. Staff were helpful for sightseeing tips and directions. The location is great. 
5557 Very accommodating. Friendly staff. Perfect location. The staff at the Crowne Plaza met every request we made during a busy Thanksgiving weekend! Couldn't ask for more. We will definitely return to this hotel. 
5558 The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The rooms were nice, but a little pricey for the quality. Great downtown location near subway lines. Awesome stay overall. 
5559 We have always stayed at the Edison when in the city but were pleasantly suprised by the new updates encountered this weekend. Same great staff but remodelled rooms and lobby decor--making a great place eevn better. 
5560 amazing hotel all amenities and helpfull staff , rooms exremely comfortable , spacious bathroom and rooms kept spotlessly clean 
5561 We stayed at teh Warwick for two nights. The room was very nice size for a NY Hotel. It looks like there had been serious renovations done. Location was Ideal for visiting Central Park, Broadway, etc. 
5562 The Westin is probably an option you should consider when looking for an hotel located on Time Square. Once a year i return to that same location and the Westin always deliver on expectations. The staff is friendly and helpful. 
5563 The hotel staff was not being very professional during our check in. She was slouching and had one hand on her cheek while talking to us. On the whole, hotel was average, the interior looked a little old 
5564 Hotel Mela met and exceeded our expectations on our recent trip. The location is excellent, staff was helpful and the room was great. Even as close in as you are to Times Square it was quiet. Would definitely recommend if you need a central place to stay in NYC! 
5565 Previous reviews about the hotel needing updating are appropriate. However, the hotel was clean, comfortable and definitely convenient after a long flight from Europe (and another missed connecting flight on United Airlines). 
5566 ..beware of the noise! I you happen to be in the street side of the building, you better bring some effective noise protection. Otherwise, this hotel is very well located and all services are good. 
5567 Excellent hotel. great location. first rate food. service friendly. much better than i expected in new york! 
5568 The hotel is conveniently located, yellow line subway is 2 blocks away. 5th Avenue is 2 blocks away too, so we went to see St. Patrick's Parade. Central Park also 2 blocks away. The rooms are nice, and the hotel staff is very welcoming and friendly. 
5569 This was definitely the best hotel I've stayed at. The location, views and service was wonderful. I only stayed three days, but did not want to leave. It was worth the money, 
5570 Great location. Close to Times Square, Central Park, Rockefeller Center. Subway ride to Battery Park and the Statue of Liberty. The staff was awesome and the room was perfect. 
5571 We stay at Affinia Gardens for 3 weeks. Outstanding staff and very comfortable rooms. Just 2 remarks; 1. Windows noise isolation is very bad so you ear any little noise on the street specially trucks at night. 2. Bathroom is to little for a 1BD suite. 
5572 Excellent location. The deli next door was awesome. Big rooms for NY standards. Rooms looked aged and clean. No bedbugs although as we were leaving the hotel we did spy one small visitor (cockroach). Manager did say they would be getting the exterminator. 
5573 This lovely hotel is located in the center of Manhattan and offers the perfect escape from the fast pace of New York City. The best rooms overlook St. Patricks Cathedral and the Gilt Bar is ideal for a Happy Hour Cocktail or a Night-cap. 
5574 Very friendly service. Hotel is placed in the heart of Manheten near Time square. Rooms not large, but very clean and comfortable/ 
5575 One of the most amazing hotels in New York! Location is perfect, staff - very friendly, room, beds very comfortable. 
5576 My husband and I recommend this wonderful hotel. We had a rather big room on 5th floor. The staff was very kind and helpful , and the location is just in the middle of everything. This will certainly be our hotel next time we visit New York 
5577 We have spended one week in Candlewood Suites and I must say that I was really impressed. It's perfectly situated, they are really helpful and it was clean and confortable. Oh! and they had free WiFi, which we didn't know. Simply great! 
5578 stanza spaziosa e silenziosa, pulitissima, bagno eccellente, ottima posizione, piccola colazione offerta (cosa rara a new york), ascensori grandi e velocissimi con tempi di attesa mininimi. 
5579 One of my favorite hotels in NYC. The staff is very friendly, by New York standards, and the hotel looks great. The lobby always looks clean and inviting and my guest room, a corner room, was well appointed. 
5580 Loved the hotel, nice room, great food at Bistro Alex, great band at Monnalisa bar, upscale and trendy atmosphere. 
5581 Loved the hotel and the lake view. Will definitley be back as a SPG Platinum member. Had a great concierge that helped me out when my reservations failed. Was planning on impressing clients and did because of Georgia Healy! 
5582 The rooms are NY sized but the service and friendliness of the staff is incredible. And when work related issues come up forcing you to change plans at a seconds notice management is amazing at accomodating your request. That slogan "whatever whenever"... is really in full effect here. 
5583 I stayed here for four nights and has no complaints at all! I celebrated my birthday here and had champagne and gifts from the hotel. Nice and clean rooms, good locatation, perfect service and tasty breakfast. Overall I highly recommend it! 
5584 The Wyndham Blake was such a wonderful location. Off the beaten path, but accessible to everything. Old world charm with a modern touch. 
5585 My wife and I stay at the Kimberly each year for her birthday and we are always very happy with our room and the hotel, in general. We feel as though we are renting a NYC apartment instead of a hotel room. The location and value are great! 
5586 GREAT hotel. Great staff. The rooms were clean, comfortable and quiet. The wine hour is always a fave at any Kimpton. I'll be back for sure. 
5587 Enigszins gedateerd centraal gelegen hotel. De suites zijn ideaal voor gezinnen. sleeper sofas zijn echter niet geschikt voor volwassenen of grotere kinderen. Het inbegrepen ontbijt bij tiktok is matig. Goede nabij gelegen metro verbindingen. 
5588 Nice people and good services. Metro near and the breakfast good. 
5589 Very comfortable room! My only crticism is that the workout room is kept too hot, but otherwise this is a great hotel. 
5590 Prima hotel, dichtbij metro, drankjes in ontbijtruimte zijn gratis en heerlijk na een lange dag in de stad. Een uitstekend ontbijt; wel moeilijk om met plastic messen te snijden. Vriendelijk personeel! Kortom, we zouden het zo weer doen! 
5591 The hotel staff are very friendly and attentive to my needs. The resturant staff get my breakfast to my table very quickly, and they remember my BK order everytime revisit the hotel. Very good personal service. The number is 16 and 21 
5592 Great place to stay for seeing the sites in this wonderful city. Perfectly located for Times Square, Rockefeller centre and Empire State building. Staff were very helpful and hotel had all the amenities would would expect from a respectable chain. 
5593 Clean, but rooms were really small. Near to the subway, close to Little Italy and Chinatown. Not too expensive. 
5594 Reasonable rates, clean, great sheets, centrally located, but out of the fray. 
5595 Nice modern hotel. Large rooms near shopping and groceries. Would be a great place for a family stay. 
5596 My wife and I stayed at Hotel Mela a couple of weeks ago and really enjoyed it. The location is fantastic and the staff were very attentive. The room was small but sufficient with modern decor. We will definately be back! 
5597 I don't always enjoy big chain hotels, but this one was so fun! Right in the middle of Times Square; the bellhop told us at New Year's they rent our window by the square inch. 
5598 This is a great hotel, brand new, good location in chelsea, super helpful front desk and clean, modern room. definitely recommend to friends! 
5599 The service and room were good. The bathroom needs a new tub liner and drained slowly. As far as the room goes, the walls are thin and so you can hear everyone in the hallway or the room next door. Otherwise everything was good. 
5600 Great location, but the darkly lit stairways are invitations to disaster. The room I had made rooms in Paris look gigantic. I could only get from the telephone to bathroom by climbing over the bed 
5601 Surprisingly poor service from hotel staff. Attitude and not great service. I wanted to watch a movie. Called 3 times. Never fixed in three days. They also don't have any curtains to keep sun out. Could be a nice hotel, if they cared a little. 
5602 This is a great hotel as far as regular chain hotels go. The rooms are very clean, the staff is friendly, they have good breakfast with eggs, biscuits, cereal, sausages... wireless internet throughout. Close to shopping, restaurants etc. I would definitely stay here again. 
5603 We stayed at this boutiquey hotel for three nights in May. It's very well located in the south-western part of Manhattan, in the financial district. The room was very spacious for New York. It's quite pricey but the hotel iteslf and our room were really nice. 
5604 had a impromtu vacation with family july 4th weekend, we had a wonderful time. Very courteous and helpful staff 
5605 my room was a very large closet, however, the hotel seems to recently have been remolded. very clean and sorta trendy looking. hot breakfast was good. great location. 
5606 The location is great for all things on Michigan Avenue but the rooms are a bit dated and blah. Service was good but don't expect a view from most rooms. Parking is obnoxiously expensive! Check out the public lots in the area for better deals. 
5607 Tiny mini horribly small and dirty rooms with dirty hallways. Wouldn't go back ever!! The only good thing is its location, but our overall experience deserves a failing grade for sure. 
5608 Consigliato 
5609 Really liked this place and will return. Concierge and doormen helpful. Desk helped with a late checkout. It was a relaxing place to come into at night after full days and evenings in the cacophony of New York. 
5610 Good hotel as to structure, comforts, cleanliness, care for the customer. The staff is very helpful and friendly. Central Manhattan. Good view from my room. I had a queen bedroom and got upgraded to a king one for no availability of the former. Also, good price considering New York's standards! 
5611 muy buen precio. ubicacion inmejorable en manhattan, a media cuadra de times square 
5612 Limpieza de la habitacion:solo el primer dia. pedir toallas en recepcion. servicio de shuttle desde el hotel. definitivamente volveria. 
5613 Had a very pleasant stay in this hotel in February. The location is great (less than 5 minutes to times square, less then 5 minutes to most theaters), the rooms are absolutely beautifully decorated and spacious. The best part though was the staff, attentive, friendly and always available. 
5614 First time in NYC, thought about booking closer to 1st street, but appeared that it doesn't make any sense - 48 st @ lexington is close enough to all places of interest on Manhattan but much cheaper that Radisson @ Broadway 
5615 The Westin Times Square is the perfect place to stay in NY. Great restaurants and excellent service. Right in the heart of Times Square. Highly recommended! 
5616 Great location. Room was quite nice. Lovely hotel. Excellent restaurant/bar in the hotel. Excellent concierge. Seemed to be somewhat understaffed for a very busy hotel. Good hotel for the price. 
5617 My title really states it all, but I can't emphasize enough how rude the front desk was. For that reason alone, I will never stay here again. 
5618 We stayed here this past weekend and were very happy. The room was clean and modern. The hotel was quiet and conveniently located. I would definitely recommend it. 
5619 Exposed wiring, holes in the walls, mold, thin old linens, broken TV, No air conditioning and no screens on windows...enough said.. 
5620 A truly unforgettable stay, hotel clean, warm and friendly. Staff - Robert outstanding. Ideally located for Grand Central Station. Visit John's for breakfast absolutely brilliant - cheap, fast and friendly. We had the best week ever, and the Millenium Plaza helped make it truly unforgettable. 
5621 Excellent hotel, friendly staff, and fast service; I was very satisfied with my hotel choice! 
5622 Awesome hotel. Excellent design, staff, and cleanliness. 
5623 Stayed one nite--woke up to bug bites--not the worse i've experienced, but still not good. otherwise, place was pretty nice. Can't go back b/c bedbugs will bite! 
5624 A flower waited at the door, a great view on Central Park waited inside the room. Great service and smiles all over. 
5625 Best location for theater times square .. Small efficient room 
5626 Super breakfast. Included. Loved it 
5627 This was a mother/daughter trip. The location couldn't have been better, The staff was very accomodating and helpful! Loved the comfortable beds! 
5628 Clean the bathrooms especially in the corners. Also the tub area needs a soap dish so mainly the bathroom area needs something. The TV was great. 
5629 bon hotel au calme tout en etant proche de l'animation de Broadway seul reproche les produits de toilettes fournis ainsi que le the ou le cafe sont vraiment au compte goutte et le concierge n'apas voulu reserver pour nous le retour avec l'airport shuttle 
5630 The facilities were acceptable, but the hotel staff was not up to par. They omitted some of the contracted A/V aids in our conference room and my personal room was not made up on one out of the three nights I stayed there. The banquet food was ordinary at best. 
5631 Great location, excelent peopme attending and fair cost. 
5632 Extreme costs charged for every small thing including Internet ($15.00 per device per day) and $8.00 for a bottle of water that costs $1.69 across the street) 
5633 we stayed here near the end of march 
5634 great location, lovely rooms , staff were so friendly and helpful.great food in the bar and great service.we like walking so didn't always need to take a cab everywhere. this is a great hotel and i highly recommend it. 
5635 Cool, easy, bright, clean, free wifi, friendly and helpful staff, but a bit uncomfortable futons. Free checkroom for luggage after checking out and airport service for about 90$ available. Great location in the heart of Manhattan. 
5636 I would like to share my experience of staying in this property,excellent location,clean apartments,helpful staff.I booked my apartment on line,i feel the pricing was little bit on a higher side rest everything was great.i will definately like to stay here again if i come to NYC again.Keep It Up. 
5637 Albergo situato a due passi da Time Square, bello, elegante, pulito, personale cortese, colazione all'italiana compresa nel prezzo. 
5638 This is a historic hotel in downtown Chicago. Very nice, especially if your are on business or celebrating a special occasion. Beautiful, roomy accomodations. 
5639 El hotel es muy bonito, desayuno excelente! El servicio un poco frio pero siempre dispuestos a ayudar. El business center excelente, las computadoras super rapidas! Muy limpias y frescas habitaciones y facil acceso al medical center de houston. 
5640 Room and bathroom really very very small, bad soundproofing and bad smell in rooms. Very noisy air conditioning system. Very bad experience with the staff often unqualified. Cool lobby, with music and dj. 
5641 Again its simply a business hotel you check in and out little soul really 
5642 We held our annual user conference at The Allerton Hotel. The staff is attentive and the hotel seems to have low turnover as we see the same faces year-to-year. The food is excellent and the rooms are small but well appointed. 
5643 the rooms are gorgeous, the in-room dining is excellent, the lobby & lounge is beautiful, the concierges know everything, staff is most helpful and it is luxurious & comfortable & charming & beautiful & I want to go back & stay longer. 
5644 Another delightful time for us at Michelangelo - we're in NYC several times a year and have been staying here for past six years. Excellent location, beautiful and large rooms, responsive staff - they treat us like family. No need to stay anywhere else. 
5645 Semplicemente come lo si vede su internet...bello! Non bisogna aggiungere altro, tutto secondo le aspettative, molto romantico e alla moda.Uno dei migliori nel cuore della midtown newyorkese.VIVAMENTE CONSIGLIATO 
5646 Ideal location for a short stay in New york, staff friendly, hotel clean, restaurant very good, only problems no coffee maker in our room and as it went cold the heating did not appear to work, but we had a hreat time 
5647 This hotel was CLEAN. A real plus in the city. It is in a great location and is a very good price. The rooms are small but you have everything you need. Bed was very comfortable. 
5648 Not as big as pictures make it. Room was dark and small. Beds were comfortable and no bedbugs.It was a 3 star hotel. 
5649 Beautiful hotel, impressing roof top, clean rooms (not spacious, but all you need). Why not 5 on 5? Cause of small breakfast, every day the same. Service: excellent! We had to leave at 5am, and got our breakfast and coffee in a brown bag. Wonderful! Greets from Belgium. 
5650 We had a wonderful stay in NYC thanks in part to the gracious hosts at the Sofitel. Convenient location for a variety of activities. Rooms are not very big, but neat and comfortable lay out, with nice marble bathroom. Highly recommended. 
5651 I stayed for a week long business trip and was very pleased with it's location and ameneties. The front staff was especially friendly and helpful. Luisa at the front dest went out of her way to ensure my stay was smooth. Thank you!!! 
5652 Hotel en Pesimo estado, habitaciones feas, viejas y con pesimo mantenimiento, ademas huelen horrible!!! El servicio tambien es pesimo!! No volveria a dormir alli ni por U$10 la noche! Lo unico bueno es ubicacion!! 
5653 Don't go to this hotel. The staff isn't very helpful. The charges for the minibar are way too high. They even charge you $25 if you use the minibar for your own drinks!!! What a service! 
5654 De locatie van het hotel was gewoon goed, lekker dichtbij het Central Park en de metro. De ontbijtzaal was echter veel te klein voor dit hotel en het ontbijt was slecht. Te weinig keuze en dus iedere morgen in de rij staan en staand eten. 
5655 Nice location, clean, classy. Next to the mall with convenient access. Friendly staff. Quite neighborhood. 
5656 Good hotel, great location, clean and comfortable room. Incompetent front desk. Can not handle multiple reservations and stay extension. Have been harassed by front desk daily, very unpleasant experience. 
5657 TWO WORDS: Elevator Races! Amazing times! Those 4 elevators in the sky lobby are so superspeedy! They are rapid fast! 
5658 The staff was friendly. The hotel was clean. Situated in Times Square. Convenient to Broadway. Get a room with a view of Times Square 
5659 We had a beautiful stay. A wonderful view of sixth avenue from the ninth floor. The staff were all very pleasant and helpful! 
5660 Great Hotel in a great location - all one could wish for on a holiday in a city. Would have liked to have been informed that the swimming pool was not available for use due to work being carried out! One of the criteria for booking this hotel. 
5661 Very comfortable,excellent place to see all the sites from via the subway and walking. Great food available at the Tick Tock diner. Bed very comfortable and room size suitable for a touring couple. Two minutes walk to Penn station and subway access right at the door almost 
5662 Really enjoyed staying there, small bur comfortable rooms 
5663 Our room had complimentary toiletries, small flat screen tv and bathrobe and slippers. Our bathroom was in the hallway, but we had a sink and a hairdryer in the room. The staff was friendly. Place is very clean and conveniently located. Breakfast is euro style. Pastries and bread. 
5664 Near herald Sq. Walk to Macy's and broadway. One block from subway, two blocks from Penn Station. Beautiful view of Empire State Building available. 
5665 Great Location, Great Service, Great Views,Kitchen available in some room, No room service and only one dining option only let down.-2nd visit we will be back again. 
5666 Stayed here last weekend...everything was perfect! If you're looking for a quiet, very clean hotel at a great price...this is it. The one bedroom suite was wonderful. 
5667 Very nice, new and trendy hotel in a very good location. Rooms small but trendy. Walking distans to almost everywhere. 5 mins from pensilvanya station and macy`s (the biggest shopping center in US). 
5668 The Shelburne was fantastic the suite was large, very comfortable and well appointed. The staff were attentive and always helpful. The location was so convenient. It became a real home away from home for us. We'll be back! 
5669 I stayed here my first time in New York with a friend. The rooms are very spacious and even include a full kitchen. Views are great and the beds are super comfy. The price and location of this hotel can't be beat. Stay here you won't regret it! 
5670 Could not be happier, not the cheapest, but worth the little extra. Human sized rooms were a pleasant change! Great service. 
5671 Very fast check-in, check-out, clean, comfortable beds, convenient parking garage, discounted parking with voucher, friendly staff. Room very quiet. Very good value for NYC. 
5672 I stayed here for a few weeks and the staff were fab and food was great. The hotel is amazing!! Nothing was too much trouble... 
5673 Perfect hotel, perfect location. Nice and clean, Clean towels daily. 
5674 Loved the unique rock vibe. Definitely not stuffy or pretentious. Friendly staff, unique rooms. Amazing coffee! Great location for meeting friends for drinks and dinner! 
5675 The room was fantastic but the common areas and the restaurant were below average. It would take almost an hour to get food at the restaurant and it was not even half full. 
5676 This room was really comfortable (great bed), and the staff was friendly. The location is also prime, and bonus points for taxis always being available for a quick restaurant trip. 
5677 A lovely old hotel in a good location. Room service limited and off the charts expensive (as expected). Nice turn down service. Smallish rooms (typical NY) but well appointed. Lovely lobbies, well cared for spaces. All in all a decent NY value at under $400 for a legend. 
5678 Clean and good location. Elevators are always full. 
5679 Room were fantastic. Services was excellent. The staff went out of their way to make sure our stay was memorable. The location is a little off the Magnificent Mile but right next to Millenium Park. Made our trip to Chicago a lasting memory!!! 
5680 The rooms are fine, if a little boxy and nicely designed. TV reception is a bit terrible. However, the hotel is just a bunch of rooms. And nothing else. But try telling that to the hotel staff - they seem to expect a tip for trying to help you. 
5681 ottimo migliore location possibile a 5 minuti da Times square e la quinta strada;ottima colazione alla carta, camere grandi con letti comodi, il personale molto disponibile e gentile dovunque. Lo consiglio vivamente 
5682 Prima hotel, perfecte locatie, erg aardige hulpvaardig personeel. Kamer was iets aan de kleine kant en aan de achterzijde van het hotel gelegen Was echter modern ingericht en van alle gemakken voorzien. Aanrader is het dakterras met prachtig uitzicht op het empire state building. 
5683 The hilton is a reasonable priced hotel among other hiltons in New york. Lot of rooms. The executive lounge is an excellent one with lot of room, food and drinks. The beds are comfortable and cozy. The towels are not great. 
5684 Like all NYC hotels, the room was small. But very modern, well decorated and appointed, very convenient to subway, soho, and downtown locations. The club lounge was terrific for free breakfast and drinks. Nice lobby with free internet. Great value and really nice choice for downtown NYC. 
5685 The Houstonian remains a top Houston hotel and property. The concierge level is excellent. the rooms are comfortable, but not very large. The exercise area, pool, and spa are also excellent. 
5686 Tal y como dice su publicidad, lo encontramos en el "heart of Chicago". Cerca de todo.... Lo encontramos muy bien de precio y tanto el trato como las instalaciones, geniales. Repetiremos cuando volvamos a esta maravilla de ciudad. 
5687 kaum einen Katzensprung von ground Zero entfernt hat Anfang 2010 dieses Hotel geoeffnet. Preise waren in Ordnung. Zimmer auf dem neuesten Stand und sehr sauber. Es gab sogar ein reichhaltiges Fruehstueck, was fuer new Yorker Verhaeltnisse eher eine Seltenheit ist. 
5688 viaggio di nozze: meravigliosa location sulla 55w della 5th avenue...ol centro del mondo...pulito e fashion...da consigliare!!! 
5689 Adored the location; staff adequate; rooms need a little sprucing up. Chipped tiles in the bathroom, but nice big towels. I would certainly love coffee in my room as so many hotels today have this. I would stay at the Park Lane again as I love being "on the park". 
5690 Great place to stay!! The view! The service! The location! Made our vacation just about perfect! 
5691 Had a weekend at a music festival. Great place to stay. Had no problems and the staff was very good and polite... even if the fire dept was called out a 3 AM because someone left a coffee pot on in there room. Still we had a great time. 
5692 The lobby was lovely. We stayed here during the Christmas. The room is small. It's kind of a 'party hotel', which was noisy. Location was not great but ok. Clean and welcoming hotel overall. But will not stay there again. 
5693 Clean, comfortable room in a good location. Friendly, helpful staff. Restaurant attached. The only negative was that our roomoverlooked 8th Avenue and we could hear street noises (sirens, subway); the hotel has no control over that. 
5694 A dos cuadras de Times Square, ideal para ir a caminar por la noche. Muy linda habitacion, y el desayuno es muy bueno, cereales, tostadas, mermelada, queso crema, cafe, donuts, jugo, frutas, yogurth, excelente!!!!! 
5695 Large impersonal hotel, but very nice rooms and perfect location to be in the center of the theater district. 
5696 If you want a place that is off the beaten path, but still in a great location and close to subway stations, Washington Square is great. The rooms are not large, but it is lovely, has breakfast included, and has a warm, comfortable feeling. 
5697 Recently stayed here with my daughter while checking out colleges in Chicago. Location is great, a short walk to the waterfront and a gorgeous view of the skyline. Room was great, bath/shower were nice - the rainhead shower was excellent. 
5698 Great location and good price on a nice, modern room. Would definitely stay there again. 
5699 O melhor deste hotel eh a localizacao. O atendimento tem todo o carisma e hospitalidade de NY :-p (SQN) Reservei em uma promocao que fez o custo/beneficio valer a pena. Fora dela, eh meio carinho para o que oferece... 
5700 The hotel is very good, but the best it is the location, just a few blocks of times square. Very clean and service is kindly. Recomend for everybody, overall for the price, very friendly for that location in new york. 
5701 We stayed here becuase it was the most economical hotel we could find for the weekend we were going and I have to say we LOVED it. The hotel is new, the rooms were clean. The Front Desk and Concierge were very helpful. I would definetly stay there again. 
5702 This Hilton Garden Inn is new, clean, reasonably priced and has a great breakfast buffet. Rooms are not huge, but fine for the city. We enjoyed our stay and would definitely return. 
5703 Very comfortable, clean, friendly and conveniently located. The rooms are not large but sufficient nonetheless. The great location and service make up for any shortcomings. Excellent value. 
5704 Not in the middle of everything but can walk everywhere. Walked to and from the shows in Times Square, we even walked to Greenwich and Soho. Very nice staff, excellent restaurant. Quiet. Close to Grand Central. 
5705 Had a wondeful stay and the staff was very accommodating. 
5706 Here are the pros and cons of this Hotel in a nutshell: - Pros 1 Central location 2 Clean towels every day Cons 1 Basic rooms in need of decoration 2 Rude and extremely unhelpful reception staff 3 Fittings and fixtures not working 
5707 Bonjour a tous, je recommande cet hotel tres tres bien place au pieds de l'Empire State Bulding, Pour les petits dejeuner c est super, et tout compris Nous etions 3 et sans aucun probleme dans la chambre Lit confortable.... 
5708 the hotel was old but nice room very very small small bath tub also,the bed was very comfortable,the bar food was ok not worth the money do as expensive for what you are getting,i would not stay in this hotel again 
5709 Awesome breakfast....will be back! We did street parking so didn't notice the high valet $ but I heard it was high. Regardless, it was clean, evening happy hour (free 2 drinks) was nice and breakfast was excellent! 
5710 We had no problems with our stay at the Hampton INN. Yes, the rooms were small but the king size bed and was wonderful. We were within walking distance of the empire state building, time square and rockafeller center. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. 
5711 Hotel accommodated my last minute reservation for an unexpected business trip. Efficient and courteous staff throughout my stay. Would recommend this hotel for both business travel and for pleasure. 
5712 Stayed at this hotel twice. Both times, I had beautiful, quiet rooms, the most efficient, polite service. The location is good too, close to the galleria and restaurants. A relative bargain. 
5713 We stayed here for 3 nights. Our room was comfortable and we were able to walk to Michigan Avenue, the Navy Pier etc. The staff were very friendly and helpful and provided us with a list of good places to eat.. There was a swimming pool etc. 
5714 Had a great stay and appreciated the managers accomodating our request or a high floor! Walking disance to the village and all the cool restaurants,brownstone buildings and shops. You will not regret staying at this Courtyard,rest assured. 
5715 The city club is a great hotel and Front office manager Hugo was tremendously helpful. I recommend the city club to anyone. Ask for Hugo he the best Regards, Michael Clark 
5716 een week NY met basis in Waldorf Astoria, alleen logies. Ontbijt via de Starbucks. Kinderen gingen in de lobby voor gratis WIFI. Het hotel staat 50 m van een metro ingang, geweldig. Locatie dus goed, hotel goed. NY is in de krokus wat nat en koud.. 
5717 Yes, the location is good but the service generally lacking. A lot of noise outside the rooms and to access the laundry there is only one option in the day. Not believe it is a cost-effective. 
5718 Realmente no tengo quejas, al contrario, de mi ultima estadia en 2007 a esta se notan cambios favorables. Las mejoras estan visibles. la atencion en habiatacion fue muy buena, asi como, la atencion prestada por el Doorman Hector Isaza. 
5719 Great service. Perfect LOCATION. Clean. Good ambiance. 
5720 great for the $$.................................... staff great front desk great great location got a car service ...it was great...................... room great, small but we are not in the room long......nice bed great time 
5721 I thought when I left the hood, I left the roaches there too....not so! I purchased some roach baits to help with the infestation but it was to no avail. Awesome price for this room, but you may get charged extra for the roaches! 
5722 Good location right next to Grand Central Station but a fair walk to other sites...small rooms, fair service...no complimentary breakfast served... 
5723 Great hotel and good value. Very convenient for both uptown and downtown sightseeing. Loved the bed and pillows. Reception staff were very friendly. It was noisy at night but it's to be expected when staying in the middle of Manhattan. 
5724 Stayed here early June and just loved the place. The roof top garden provides great views on Empire State and Chrysler Buildings. Location is great, really close to Grand Central Station. Recommend Pershing Square for breakfast (haven't tried the hotel's food) 
5725 In six (6) nights the only small referred to is the actual size of the hotel. The accommodations were absolutely outstanding. Rooms were clean and comfortable; staff was pleasant and helpful. Room service was timely and efficient; meals were also very good. My husband and I would definitely stay again. 
5726 Hotel was not upfront about drilling and construction ALL DAY. 840am-5pm. They withheld that IMPORTANT point at booking. What shadyness! Never never again. They didn't even offer 1 discount. WOW ! (in a bad way) 
5727 excellent facilities, cosy and well maintained. very business like, functional. the space is managed very well and the gym was good too! 
5728 Parts of the experience were great other parts, well not do great! Had issues with our room key for 2 days and paying for wi-fi is ridiculous 
5729 Stayed here for work the week of Nov 28th. I was on the 43rd floor. Everything was perfect about this hotel. 
5730 Our room was in front of 43 st it was very beautiful but noisy, almost very good stay. 
5731 7/17/12 Small no-frills hotel. Clean w friendly staff. Several bathrooms per floor. I would happily do it again for the price. Buliding did smell of bug spray (Not sure if that is good or bad.). 
5732 We stayed at the Westin Times Square this past weekend and had a fabulous stay with our daughters. This hotel was a great base for visiting Times Square and Rockefeller Center. The hotel is beautiful, staff attentive and the Westin Heavenly beds are amazing... 
5733 We really did enjoy our weekend get away. The customer service was excellent, the cleanliness of the room was spactacular and the space was abundance...we had an awesome weekend!!!!!! 
5734 Magnifico hotel muy bien situado en la 42 junto a times square,muy buen servicio y lo mejor las habitaciones que son muy grandes me aloje 13 noches y todo fue excelente ademas las vistas desde las habitaciones son muy buenas pues todas estan a partir de la planta 23. 
5735 This hotel is not up to Doubeltree standards. It must be one of the most rundown ones in the network. It is average at best, stay here for the location only not the rooms. The bathtub looked like it was on its 2nd life and needed to be replaced. 
5736 Stayed for one night over the weekend. Neighborhood was soooo active. Our room was on a high floor in the back and was very quiet. Room was small and clean. Staff was wonderful. Thought it was a little expensive for the space provided but, I'll cope. 
5737 we stopped there for three nights and really enjoyed it the hotel is in an excellent location ,the staff were friendly and the lobby is worth seeing on its own altogether its well worth stopping at. 
5738 Very conviently located close to Macy's, Madison Square Garden, and several subway lines. Furnishings are a little outdated and showing wear. New sleep number mattress is a great feature but not really explained at check-in. 
5739 Perfect location to find "quiet" in the city but be within 15 minutes of any of the great restaurants. Staff attentive, club lounge is perfect. This will be our only hotel for NYC from now on. 
5740 hotel impecable ,propre,personel a l'ecoute,placement ideal pour se restaurer ,a cote de central park, metro a 5mn pour visiter la ville pour 25 dollar la semaine.prix correct de l'hotel,sejour de reve n'hesite pas new york sa se raconte pas il faut y aller. 
5741 After reading the reviews here I was expecting to be thrilled with our choice of staying at Sofitel. It is very nice and the bathrooms are extraordinary. But the best hotel in NYC - I don't think so. 
5742 this hotel advertises as completely renovated but is actually still under construction. the rooms are nice enough but aren't super awesome. kind of snooty area and not a lot going on at night. probably better for older people not really my scene but not all together a terrible place. 
5743 I really enjoyed the stay, the location, the service, the rooftop bar and the beds... We stayed in a junior suite for 5 days with 2 kids and 2 adults. My ONLY complaint, was that there is no room service or breakfast... otherwise, I loved it! 
5744 We Had a Great and Productive Time!! the rooms ae spacious and lovely !! The view was CENTRAL PARK :) AWESOME Love The Doorbells On The Door!!Nice HOmey Touch:) They are Pet Friendly To so Enrique Felt so At Home and Confortable:) Check Us Out on www.myspace.com/janeandenrique 
5745 huband & I stayed at this hotel during his conference. everything was very comfortable and our room had a good view. the rooftop pool was very cool too! 
5746 Nice hotel,good breakfast too! Very clean,friendly,lots of sights in walking distance,more money than I wanted to spend,but was so worth it,you only live once! 
5747 Great room. Great Location. Great Staff. Cant say anymore. 
5748 this is my third time @ Cosmopolitan, a great hotel to stay in NY, wonderful team, great location,clean, friendly. 
5749 Great hotel in midtown. Very upscale feeling, newly renovated. Great bar scene, well appointed rooms. Gym and breakfast were great also. Great place to stay. 
5750 Our room was spacious and very comfortable. We didn't have a view but there are two observation decks for guests to use. The decor is chic, service professional. A neighborhood packed with restaurants, the subway one block away... what more could we want? In January the price was extremely reasonable. 
5751 Das Hotelzimmer war sauber gehalten. Das Hotel liegt nur ein paar Blocks von 5th Ave entfernt. Das Hotelpersonal haette jedoch ein bisschen freundlicher sein muessen. Positiv war noch, dass WLAN verfuegwar war, jedoch nur in der Lobby und an der Bar und nicht im Hotelzimmer. Insgesamt 8 von 10... 
5752 After we got in the room, room did not clean yet. So we asked another room. Room was so tiny and dirty, no views. Washroom also. All of facilities are old and dirty. Only one good thing is close to time square 
5753 Excellent hotel! Beautiful Lobby. excellent if smallish rooms. Great location. Terrific bar and somewhat pricey drinks and food.....but hey it's NY! Would recommend this hotel to anyone. Great service also. They brought 2 extra pillows to our room in 2 minutes! Check in took even less time! 
5754 Have stayed at Barclay on businnes for 4 nights stay in June. Seemless check in witj smile, very large room compared to others in NY. And doorman who is with hotel for then 20 years!! A well of local knowledge... 
5755 Small but very clean rooms, exteremely good location rigth in the center of NYC, walking distance to many attractions, friendly staff. Door knobs are functioning a little bit funny though:), but it's all ok. 
5756 As a frequent guest at your hotel, I can honestly say that the service, design and total experience are great. I have recommended this hotel to my business colleagues and in fact one of them stayed here last night! Will continue to make this my home in NY! 
5757 It was in the heart of everything and everywhere I wanted to go. The location was great and the service was impeccable. I decided to extend my stay an extra night and the gave me a special deal. 
5758 Small room, but great location, quiet, great lobby, wonderful coffee. The restaurants on the street are very good and reasonably priced. Between Times Sq and 5th Ave, you couldn't ask for a better location. Parking lot blocks away with discount because of hotel affiliation. 
5759 Beautiful, charming and classic older hotel that needs to move into the 21st century. Service was excellent, hotel showing wear and restaurant prices outrageous. Fitness center and Internet access all required additional fees. There are better hotels at cheaper prices close by. 
5760 Went there for the first time and was very pleasantly surprised. For NYC the price was reasonable. The service was excellent. We had booked an event at the Feinstein's night club which was amazing. What a great atmosphere. The only complaint is that they could use a face lift. 
5761 The rooms are clean. Maybe better blankets (thick-heavier) for fall and winter season. Great location downtown Chicago- just 4 blocks from Michigan Ave. 
5762 I stayed in this hotel during the Hurricane Irene period. Can you imagine they charged me ~US$20 per minute for making international calls back home to India and Singapore. They are cheats. Will never ever go back to this hotel. 
5763 What a gem in a perfect area of Manhattan. Close to many of the "places to visit". Across the street from Madison Square Garden and Penn Station. The staff is very helpful and attentive. Our room was comfortable and roomy for Manhattan. We loved our visit. 
5764 Great hotel with easy access to a lot of great spots for a tourist. Top notch service and beautiful rooms!! I will never stay anywhere else when traveling to the city!! 
5765 The hotel has a trendy atmosphere, and the rooms were allright, although somewhat small. We stayed there in january, and the heater in the room was very noisy, but nothing that earplugs couldn't fix. Everything else was goog; friendly staff and OK in- room food. 
5766 Very good choice by my wife (yet again), very friendly and helpful staff. Seemed to speak any language required(although struggled with my northern ireland mumble no doubt)very clean rooms. Good city hotel, within walking distance to everything in the most amazing city in the world. Great start to our honeymoon 
5767 I was stranded in Chicago due to flight cancellations and for once I did not mind it at all. The hotel was very accommodating and service was exceptional. I went to the bar for dinner and found a specialty was sushi...very nice!! 
5768 I have stayed here and at the New Yorker nearby. Everything was great, the service, the rooms, except perhaps for tired carpet in the rooms. It feels more intimate and refined than the New Yorker, at the same price. 
5769 Everything about this hotel is excellent. From it's location to the spacious rooms to the exceptional staff who offered fantastic service. Truely a five star hotel. 
5770 This place was clean and welcoming. Room was comfortable. It was fortunate that there were two sinks because one drained very slowly. The large tub was a good ammenity. Fast room service. Also there was a complimentary wine hour which was a plus. 
5771 Great location - great rooms on the upper levels - NO FREE WIFI :-( 
5772 tres bon hotel, bien place, petit dej. correct et a volonte. en ce moment du bruit a partir de 7h du mat. jusqu a 16h, sauf le week end, car il y a des travaux. Chambre dernier etage cote cour c est parfait. 
5773 hadden penn5000 geboekt, kregen een vreselijk slechte kamer waarvan het bed kapot was. Na klagen kregen we een betere en grotere kamer. Netjes afgehandeld. Kregen hierdoor wel het idee dat ze gewoon probeerde ons in een gewone standaard kamer te zetten ipv de geboekte penn5000! 
5774 design stupendo, posizione ottima a 2 isolati da centrl park. spazi comuni veramente suggestivi.servizio ottimo.camere un po piccole(le standard ma si sapeva), tuttavia perfettamente abitabili e funzionali. camere semplici,arredamento minimalista..veramente belle. 
5775 This hotel is relatively no-frills which is just fine by us. New York sized rooms: but clean, cleverly designed, and well-appointed. Location is near several subway stops, Grand Central, Rockefeller Center, etc. Especially a great deal on weekends as Club Quarters generally caters to business travelers. Highly recommended! 
5776 We really enjoyed our stay at the Buckingham. We got a really good rate from Travelzoo and the location couldn't have been better. The room had a lot of character, was very clean and spacious, and met our needs really well. 
5777 Great situation, enough place for 4 in the room, Bags will cost almost 4$ each to be keep after check out. (be carefull). If you take the car from the hotel to go to the airport, the hotel will keep your bags for free. think about it. enjoy 
5778 Good central location. Not your average Holiday Inn, this property was renovated a few years back. Great openness in the lobby with fantastic lobby bar with 180 degree views of the skyline. 
5779 Had an absolutely marvelous stay. We especially wanted to thank Chris, the concierge, who was always available to help us figure out out to get around New York. The service was great and our room was beautiful. 
5780 Great place to stay N.Y.C. The help was amazing! Marco,Damaris and Michael went out of their way to help us. Rooms were very big and clean. Great views from hotel room. 
5781 We sure enjoyed our stay. We walked to Navy Pier. Had a wonderful cocktail at night and a nice hot breakfast. The room was very quiet and we slept really well. We will stay here again. 
5782 This hotel was fantastic - small but not too small. Great location! Amazing bedding/pillows. Great hair products. European feel to it. Great view from room, nice size for NYC. Strongly recommend. 
5783 very good hotel in the midst of it all.best:you can't starve:"carnegie-deli" next door,"del frisco's" and "ruths chris" some blocks away,"gordon ramsay" with 2 michelin-stars downstairs. park-view from vista-suites looking north 
5784 Excellent customer service! Wonderful staff! I recommend this hotel to everyone! 
5785 Small rooms, dusty, some cigarettes and ashes found under the bed, expensive Internet access... I would'nt recoommend this hotel. 
5786 Excellent location,service and hospitality. A real oasis in the hustle of the Big Apple. I was blown away by the attentive staff who give impeccable service. 
5787 I haven't stayed at the Hotel Metro for about 3 years and had forgotten what a little gem it is. The rooms are very comfortable and the breakfast is great; particularly the red velvet muffins, they're huge! Thank for a wonderful stay. 
5788 what a great little hideout. It doesn't get any better than this,the people are phenominal,the rooms are fantastic...and soooooooooo clean.we enjyed ourselves thouroughly.-and the roof top bar is TOPS 
5789 Could only access wireless Internet from the lobby which was inconvenient. My wife was not a fan of the see thru bathroom door. Room was updated and clean but very very small. Only a few hundred square feet. 
5790 The Hilton garden inn at Times Square will provide you with a great location and excellent friendly service :).. The rooms are absolutely nothing to brag about but are at least very clean..would definitely recommend staying here as it is one of the better values in times swuare 
5791 From the great staff starting with Andrew at the front desk, to the great interior architecture, to the well appointed room, we had a wonderful time. Lots going on even on the weekend, which was a surprise. Easy public transportation options nearby. We will be back again soon. 
5792 We stayed here on our trip to see the Belmont Stakes in June. Very nice hotel! The room was superb and our view from the room's floor to ceiling windows was amazing! The concierge was very helpful and got us last minute Cirque tickets. Would definately stay here again! 
5793 Great location, service was excellent provided by top notch staff. We enjoyed the all aspects of our stay. 
5794 The service from the moment we drove up to the crowded front door was attentive and friendly. "George" at the front door took care of the car and baggage. Everything else for the next 24 hours made us feel wonderful. Room was spacious and clean. We will be back. 
5795 After a horrible stay at a San Antonio sea world Hampton, this was a diamond find. It was clean, modern, friendly staff, breakfast was filled and fresh. It was close to the Astro baseball park. Felt safe. Great pick.! 
5796 Over priced!... the room 768.. was very small...too dark. 
5797 Brian was The Friendliest Doorman in New York! I would definitely stay at this hotel again next visit to NYC 
5798 gute lage 
5799 Hotel is nice, a lot of air crew stays in there, internet is free, parking is free, rooms are good enough, staff friendly, by a train station pretty close to O`hare and they do have shuttle to airport, 
5800 Nice hotel rooms, excellent housekeeping staff, personable and professional front desk--with a "can do" attitude. This is our favorite hotel in NYC. Keep up your standards! 
5801 Very central lovely hotel just didn't find the staff friendly. 
5802 The rooms are large and nicely appointed. Mine had a chair as well as a lounger. View of the river was a real plus. Great place to stay for business or pleasure. Sushi on the late night menu. Bathroom was modern, nice shower..rain style 
5803 Stayed here for a long weekend. Great room with corner view, really cool stylish interior. Staff very friendly - the lobby has a really good buzz. Would recommend. 
5804 The renovation is complete and is excellent. Hilton Honors members will love the new Lounge. I stay here frequently and this is THE place to stay in Houston. The staff is simply amazing! Location is excellent and the new decor is wonderful. 
5805 Bagno in camera, cassaforte, posizione perfetta, centro fitness, concierge efficiente, pulizia, davvero ad un passo dall'Empire..... totale una settimana,,, si puo' giusto dire che alcune stanze non sono molto grandi e che non esiste una camera apposita per la colazione... cmq torneremo! 
5806 It was a perfect hotel right near Times Square for a business trip. The rooms wer large and clean. Though we did not get time to try any of the hotel restaurants, it was easy to hop into the multitude of restaurants around the hotel. 
5807 We had a problem with an Expedia booked room. Hint to self, always book with the hotel. Crystar was very accomodating and resolved the matter quickly and efficiently. She is the reason I would consider staying here again. My 17 year old son says she's hot! 
5808 Courteous service Great mid-town location Best breakfast in town Reasonable NYC hotel rates Unbeatable shower-power 
5809 Amazing location Helpful staff. Good size clean rooms. Would definitely stay again 
5810 I stayed here in Oct 2011 with my two sons, 14 and 9. Very close to Empire State Bldg and Macy's. Lots of fast food nearby incl pizza and Starbucks. There is also a drugstore, Duane Reed, near the hotel. I would definitely stay there again, great location. 
5811 lunch and dinner were missing room service was perfect burger restaurant is great but too crowdy wi-fi is noot perfect employees are very kind rooms are good 
5812 This hotel makes trips from Chicago Midway perfect. Check in the night before your morning flight: friendly service; immaculate and quiet rooms; comfortable beds; good food; free shuttle to Midway; free parking during your trip. 
5813 very nice hotel, modern, with simple and not excessive luxury. the perfect location for a hotel in the very center of New York City, just a couple of minutes walking from Times Square. Very good room service. You really HAVE to try the cheesecake!!! 
5814 we stayed 15th - 20th december and we were thrilled, friendly staff, clean room, flat screen tv, lovely clean bathroom, great location, OVER THE MOON. Room was bigger, better, cleaner than we expected, properly chuffed 
5815 We enjoyed our stay. Restaurant was Okay, not SUPER. 
5816 we love this hotel. Perfect location for theater and shopping. The restaurants nearby are great. We love the junior suite in the corner for a quiet location. The closet space is so spacious You have a separate shower and tub. 
5817 Stayed for 3 nights and had a difficult time getting an elevator. We had to walk down the stairs from the 15th floor and ended up on the side of the building. There were always people waiting for the elevators. The ammenities weren't nice enough to justify the inconvenience. 
5818 Clean with a great location. Much smaller than I expected for a suite hotel. Only complaint is the heating/cooling. The air would run until the room was freezing then turn off, then the heat would come on! We tried to get it fixed, but it was still not right. 
5819 A lovely old hotel, brought up to date. Great common areas, small rooms. A very pleasant stay and good value. 
5820 Stayed for 3 nights in December. Location was great, only 5 min walk to Times Square. Reception staff were helpful with any info we required. Room was fine but very hot. Would stay again. 
5821 The furniture is old and worn. The hotel is very very basic. As a Marriott Rewards member, we stay in a lot of Marriott properties. I am very surprised this is a Marriott property. Adequate but barely, marginally clean, won't stay here again but it was very cheap. 
5822 Terrible!!! Room was not clean... Staff was rude and and not attentive. Will never go back... 
5823 We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights. It is a very beautful hotel. Probably could not have afforded it, without getting it with the vacation package 
5824 The rest. in hotel are very expensive. We enjoyed the stay very much, the help was wonderful, the room beautful. 
5825 This was a nice hotel near most major attractions and within the theater district. Quaint, charming, neat and tidy. Friendly and helpful staff. 
5826 I book online and usually find a reduced rate. Have stayed here several times and always found the rooms to be clean and comfortable. I have never had a bad experience. An honest 31/2 stars. Location is outstanding. 
5827 great hotel , all but one of the staff very helpful. ideal situation for exploring the city the hotel is very clean ,would stay again, 
5828 Clean and updated room, friendly stuff. My son is interested in the huge pine cone in the front hall. With printer that can print out, very convenient. Swimming pool is outdoor, so cannot swim during cold weather. 
5829 Had a very memorable stay at this hotel-- gorgeous room, courteous staff and perfect location to do things downtown. The bed was super comfortable and enjoyed all of the bath products too (L'occtaine!). Would definitely stay here again even though it was a bit pricey. 
5830 Great hotel if you're downtown for sports, business or entertainment. Very friendly staff, great shuttle van service and very good restaurant. Good bar and decent workout room. Large rooms too. 
5831 If you are planning to spend a few days in Manhattan and will be attending Broadway plays, the Muse offers a nice place to stay. Very comfortable rooms and pleasant attendant staff. One of their concierges, Mark, was extremely helpful to us. 
5832 We enjoyed the hotel very much, nice views. The rooftop bar is awesome - just wish it stayed open later! Jeffrey was an amazing concierge. 
5833 Decent room, bed, etc. Perfect location on times square. You pay for the location. Good service that is expected at a higher end Marriott location. Skip the View restaurant or just go up for drinks-- food is overpriced and average. 
5834 We recently stayed here and were not unhappy with our stay. It was very clean..but thats about it. We booked a king room and got 2 dbls....the bathroom we had was VERY small...and the room was extremely hot with no temperature control. 
5835 Very cheap... Smelly and unkept, Wouldn't even give it 1 star rating... our room smelled like a sewer....rooms have not been refurnished since the first war.... stay somewhere else...... 
5836 Staff was very nice, which is amazing for NY. Across the street from the subway. Rooms were pleasant, although tiny, which is what to expect in NYC. Continental breakfast was good. I think it was a very good deal, considering how expensive NYC hotels are. We will be back. 
5837 Room was clean, as expected from Extended Stay America. While there are many choices in the area, by far this is a better value for the money as far as location and comfort are concerned. Several restaurants and shopping close by. 
5838 I recently stayed at the Palmer House and will have to say I would have expected the internet to be free of charge. It seemed they charged for everything. The staff was friendly, the beds were nice. No breakfast or coffee pot, or refrigerator included for the price. 
5839 This hotel is wonderful. Forget the loud, gigantic lobbies of nearby chains, here you have a small, fancy and comfortable welcoming lobby. Location is great - just off Times Square. High end Frette linens, small but comfortable rooms, nice bar, great staff. It's my favorite in NYC. 
5840 For the price, we were pleased. Small, clean rooms with aveda bath products. Helpful staff... Thank you Carmen at the front desk! Breakfast is just bagels, juice, coffee. Would stay here again! 
5841 Had a fantastic stay at The Essex. We had a lovely room with a view over the park on the 14th floor. The view is breathtaking and room was well appointed. The bathroom was nice, especially the double headed shower. Bed very comfy. Cannot recommend the place highly enough. 
5842 Very nice suites with kitchen/bar (sink, small fridge, microwave, coffee maker), sofa, desk and plasma TV. Separate bedroom area with door and very comfortable bed. Staff very accommodating. Excellent location. Only drawback - the walls may be a bit thin if you are a light sleeper.. 
5843 Good place, big suit, that fits for the whole family even with 3 kids. Reception is very kind, Lisette is perfect. 
5844 excellent location, excellent location excellent location... what else can i say.. the staff were nice. our room had a very nice view of newy ork as we were very high up. rooms are small but nice we really liked it.. 
5845 It was a nice place to stay. Not too fancy, not too out of the way, just right to get things done. 
5846 Hence the title, it's about the location. It's close to pretty much everyhting or easy within reach by cab. The hotel was fine. Who spends a lot of time in their hotel room when in NYC anyway? 
5847 great location ,delis everywhere ,great for families ,2 thumbs up 
5848 Stay at the "chic" Soho Grand to be pampered by the young and efficient staff; concierge recommended, booked and confirmed a special evening out for a group of friends. Sunny and quiet rooms complete the package of this fabulously located Soho niche 
5849 Enjoy the cozy "Cupping Room" nearby for breakfast! 
5850 The hotel was recently remodeled. The room was clean and the bed was great. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. My wife and I are in Manhattan at least half a dozen times a year and would certainly consider staying here again. 
5851 We spent three days in NYC and Stayed at the Travel In Hotel. Very nice hotel with free parking. Convient to just about everything and has a pool on the third floor. Two block from Times Square. Clean rooms good service and police employees. Will stay there whenever in NY 
5852 Overall: A nice hotel. Decorated well, great location, very friendly and accommodating staff. Pros: Location, 10minute walk to 5th Ave and the shopping areas. Cons: Small rooms. Hollow walls, you can hear other guests and plumbing sounds. 
5853 great service, great view of the Park, sweet sleep. 
5854 stayed at the barclay the week of july 3. great location within walking distance to sites, subway and the world's greatest fireworks show at the East River. Staff was excellant!! Did not want our vacation to end. Rooms were large and comfortable. Ready to go back 
5855 I love this hotel! Friendly staff that make you feel welcome and remembered. The property has a great location with easy transportation to LGA. 
5856 This is not a hotel. It's a place to sleep and store your suff while you are shoping and enjoying NY. I booked two rooms via hotels.com and while a check-in they could only find one reservation. 
5857 This hotel is in a perfect location: walking distance to all Broadway theatres, Times Square, subway lines, etc. Very clean and large rooms for Manhattan. The bed was very comfortable and the rooms were quiet considering it was in Times Square. 
5858 Very clean rooms, great location and very helpful and kindly staff. 1 minute walk from subway and full of shops on the down street!!! Unfortunately no wiifii in the rooms and not a lot of seating in the lobby where you can surf the web. 
5859 the staff was very helpful with everything and the hotel was modern and clean. 
5860 Very stylish place -- and extremely nice staff; they seemed to have a real sense of ownership in the place. 
5861 Me and my son had a lovley time at the Waldorf Astoria,we stayed for three nights,the room was nice and clean and the beds were very comfy,it is very central for getting around New York and i would stay again. 
5862 Room was nicely renovated (small though). Very functional for business traveller. Very fast and free cable internet. Right across from the Rockefeller Center 
5863 Great hotel in a busy city area. Operated as most Hiltons in the world - very clean and high standard service. 
5864 We stayed here on our honeymoon and absolutely loved it. The location was great, breakfast included every morning, nice room, great rate. Have recommended to others to stay here. 
5865 We stayed at the hotel two nights, booked through tripadvisor special. It was the best value for money we had in NYC for a while. The staff was very helpful, the room was nice and clean, and the location was excellant. 
5866 It's a nice Hotel, without carparking and breakfast, but on a good location next to times square. Only negative points about this hotel are the short beds, (1.80/1.90 meter) and the amount of noice in your room if you sleep on the streetside. 
5867 Perfect hotel - set back a few block from magnificent mile Cheaps eats nearby Big, Safe & Friendly Free evening cocktails a bonus Rooms were perfect , fluffy towels etc etc Pool on ground floor was perfect 
5868 I went the the wrong hyatt at first, the one across the street, but then the hotel's shuttle came and picked me up. The room was huge, and the breakfast was really good. I would stay there again. although I wish the bathroom was bigger. 
5869 We were eight women from various locations meeting in NYC to reconnect. Big pluses for us were the location, the caring front desk staff, maid service and especially the accommodations. 
5870 We had a great time!! The room was huge and the price was small!! What more could you want. 
5871 Muy buena ubicacion y servicio. Muy buena la atencion y muy comoda la habitacion La limpieza fue espectacular 
5872 From previous experiences with different holiday inn's in America, I found this hotel to be very old and outdated. Overly priced for what you get!! Staff were not very friendly and helpfull at all. Would not stay here again or recommend it to anyone. 
5873 I agree with most posters, it's a noisy place, but hey,.. its NYC, after buying some ear plugs I was ok, slept very well. The rooms are small but very clean, staff is nice, never waited to access the washroom. I would return... at a good rate of course :) 
5874 Staff were amazing from start to finish. Reservations woman was extremely nice, the desk attendant when I checked was very accommodating and conversational, and other front desk staff were responsive to my requests throughout my stay. Would definitely stay here again. Oh yeah and the room was pretty nice too. 
5875 Great hotel, great location. Close to all the theaters in Broadway. Great restaurants. 
5876 We stayed in a one bedroom suite, which had plenty of room and two bathrooms but was dated in decor and slightly shabby. Service in the bars and restaurants was excellent. Location is good for most areas of New York. 
5877 Reserve and pay for a non-smoking room in advance? Too bad. These folks will give you a smoking room on a smoking floor and there's nothing you can do except apply eye drops and take aspirin and never stay at Hilton Gardens again. 
5878 This is the place to stay in NYC - location, location, location! 
5879 Didn't stay in this hotel but visited it's bar (The Blue Bar) Only one thing to say get the raspberry and chilli cosmo. Mmmmmmmmm!! Oh and some of the other cocktails are good too. 
5880 We were very happy with our stay over the Thanksgiving holiday! The room was clean, spacious, and quiet. The location can't be beat...so close to all the attractions! We would definitely stay here again! 
5881 The Carlyle makes you feel like you are in New York in a different era. Timeless classic hospitality, impeccable standards. Discreet service at the highest level. The Sunday brunch is fantastic. I live in New York and still there for the experience. 
5882 This is a wonderful property and the concierge's are especially helpful. Eden Bernal and Laurelin Hefter were great. Definitely recommend using the Acura car service. WE had an uograded room which was incredible. This and the Westin River North are our two favorite hotles in in the City. 
5883 Very convenient location for Central Park and the nearby museums. The rooms are not as nice as the lobby suggests. The staff was nice and friendly. Good option if you can get a good rate. 
5884 Excelente hotel, lo recomiendo al 100% (servicio, ubicacion, habitaciones, todo)... La ciudad es increible, no te la acabas... solo cuiden sus bolsas y carteras... Broadway, el central park y el Met lo mejor del viaje.. Saludos. 
5885 Confortable and pleasant stay, I would definately be back there. 
5886 check in very slow, staff were unhelpful, room was ok, bit dark but excellent location. 
5887 Hello there, just wondering if there are any room that would sleep four ppl. Taking three deserving girls on a little getaway and would like to avoid booking two rooms. Also, will the renovations be completed by June? Thank you 
5888 After lots of searching for a inexpensive room in the city, we picked this because of the good reviews. I want to ditto all the positive reviews below. Great spot in mid town, great price for location, and good room. Would stay here again. 
5889 The room was amazing. The friendliness of the front desk was outstanding - Cesar and Jane in particular. They also allowed me to extend my stay for a couple of days due to the snowstrom without issue. 
5890 This is a great place, lovely design, cool neighbourhood, stunning views and one of the best bars in town. If you enjoy design, great views and a cool neigbourhood, the place is well worth evey cent. I really loved my stay at The Standard! 
5891 Best localization for the price. The hotel is a little old and there is only two elevators for whole hotel. I usually wait too long to go downstairs. 
5892 Hotel room needs redecorating BUT location is great for walking to near by activities and the hotel staff was accomodating and friendly. Restaurant on site was a little pricey but food was good. 
5893 The place is perfect, near Maddison and Park, outstanding the room is comfortable, quiet and clean The first choice in NYC Walking distance to most things Central Park, MOmA, Gugenheim, Intimate bar and beautiful restaurant. 
5894 i stayed there during a meeting i had during june. stayed for 5 days. actually it is a very nice hotel, not far from the city center. most of the employees are very nice specially the concierge, they were very helpful. mainly for business hotel, don't expect real holiday treatment. 
5895 The location allowed us to get everywhere we wanted to sightsee. The room was clean and comfortable, the breakfast was great and the hot tea and coffee was great since it was chilly out. The staff was helpful and overall we had a great stay. 
5896 This hotel is one of my favourites in Chicago! There has only been one incident which annoyed me and I must say that they took care of it in a very gracious and professional manner the minute I complained about it. To me, that makes all the difference! 
5897 This is it! Almost perfect accommodations! River view rooms have telescopes! 
5898 Great location for shopping and seeing sights. Staff are the best. Canot do enough for guests. Very nice rooms and comfortable beds. Loved it. 
5899 Il Jolly e'un albergo sobrio,confortevole,in posizione strategica.Buona il rapporto qualita' prezzo.E ' un ottimo compromesso per chi vuole soggiornare in zona midtown senza spendere un patrimonio.Unica pecca:molto essenziale,non aspettatevi lusso o l'eleganza esclusiva. 
5900 I loved this place. Duplex room with the star spangled banner fluttering outside. Room was perfect. Staff were awesome whole experience was perfect. I would definitely stay again. 
5901 Stayed at the Marriott Marquis loved it,we stayed on the 43rd floor nice view,perfect location right in Times Square cant beat that,subway,resturaunts,tours right there we all enjoyed our stay the hotel is very clean,parking is expensive but other than that had a great time. 
5902 Rooms and service impeccable during this busy time of the season. The breakfast was less than desirable for the price. Better places to eat away from the hotel 
5903 Only slept in hotel as breakfast was not part of our package and so did not dine there. Rooms/beds were very comfortable and looked great after refurb. Only down side is $17 for wifi, no way, given price of the hotel! Free in lobby, hence it is always busy. 
5904 Excellent location, really nice hotel and great value for new York. Subway right outside. 
5905 Husband and I stayed here for 5 days in November. Loved this place. The location, on 64th between 2nd and 3rd Ave., was convenient for walking, subway or cab at the ready. Neighborhood is quiet. Room (junior suite) was really spacious and well-maintained. Staff was kind, thoughtful and always pleasant. 
5906 Just back from a week staying in the Blakely. Hotel was absolutely superb rooms cleaned every day. staff especially the door men were absolutely brilliant location is excellent 5 minute walk gets you to central park and times square would highly recommend this hotel to any one. 
5907 I stayed here when this hotel had it's grand opening and it is wonderful. The rooms are on the small side but that's NYC. City views. 
5908 NYC is known for cramped rooms, this one was huge. Loved the location and will return. 
5909 A modern and friendly hotel. I liked the downstairs bar, but the real gem is the rooftop bar with amazing views. Nice sized room. 
5910 Net hotel, Schoon, vriendelijk personeel, zeer servicegericht en op een super locatie. Broadway, Times Square, 5th Avenue en Central Park allemaal op loopafstand. Minpuntjes: * Restaurant zeer prijzig * Realtief kleine kamers (anders gewend in USA!) 
5911 Have stayed at the Larchmont half a dozen times over the past several yrs. Great location, friendly staff and clean rooms. Understand that you are staying at a palce with shared baths and you'll see that this an absolutely great deal--breakfast, location, cleanliness. Ed, Key West Fl 
5912 Very nice staff, clean, nice place, I would go there absolutely if I am in NY again! I really think the price-quality is very good. 
5913 We bid this on Priceline and were very happy with our stay. The rooms are very big but sparsely decorated, the bed very comfy. The bathrooms are particularly small. The onsite restaurant was acceptable. The staff was wonderful, the exercise room is well equipped. 
5914 Everything was great. The staff was helpful. The view was not good. 
5915 Everyone was very nice , and Jennifer at the front desk was very helpful 
5916 It was a small hotel but in a great spot for what we wanted to do. 
5917 The Herald Square Hotel made my stay in NYC so enjoyable! I've stayed at other hotels in Manhattan but this was by far my favorite. It felt like home. The staff was friendly and helpful. Great value. Can't say enough! 
5918 Great location, clean and safe hotel!! Staff warm and welcoming. only complaint, managers reception not enough food. We got down there 5 minutes after it opened and there was no fruit left and not enough choices. 
5919 The location is convenient for the Galleria shopping and conference center, parking and internet are free, my room was clean and comfortable and the receptionist was charming. It's a perfectly acceptable hotel and very good value for money. Only complaint is that the windows were dirty. 
5920 The hotel is in a good location, near several subway stations and tourist places like the Ground Zero (WTC), Wall Street, the Bull, etc. The rooms are nice and clean, with new furniture. Recommended. 
5921 We stayed at the Riverview two nights before Christmas. Nice room with great views. Front desk staff was just OK. The bar staff was not overly friendly. 
5922 First visit in NY, stayed there for 4 nights with my fiancee in sept 2004. The hotel is clean, rooms are nice enough and the staff is very helpfull. The Location is simply ideal and prices are moderate. Would definitively go there again! 
5923 A great hotel in a really good location for Meatpacking district restaurants and bars. Fun bar on the roof terrace 
5924 This hotel was right on the Magnificent Mile, and had the easiest walk to Navy Pier out of all hotels on the Mag Mile. Try their 'Route 40 to Paloma' drink - AMAZING! I booked this hotel through hotwire for under $200 a night. Look for the 4-1/2 star. 
5925 We stayed at this hotel for two nights while attending a conference. The hotel definitely met and to a certain extent, exceeded my expections. Very upscale. Very clean. Very professional. Would highly recommend! 
5926 Lovely boutique hotel one block off the Magnificent Mile (Bloomingdales, Macy's, etc). Large room, well appointed, very comfortable. I'd definitely stay here again. The only negative is the small, slow elevators. 
5927 Stayed here for two nights. Exceptional customer service. The room was clean, which is the most important thing to us when we travel. The breakfast was great. No complaints here. Will return. 
5928 What a lovely hotel! Piles of books everywhere, and oranges brought by the maid so I might fill out a questionnaire....but I didn't as I rushed off in the morning. Sorry! Very comfortable bed, very quiet, sparkly modern bathroom. And a great location. 
5929 I have travelled the world, have stayed in many NYC hotels also, and I have never stayed in a room this small. It is ridiculous. 
5930 We stayed 7 nights here it's so close to every thing,staff very friendly and helpful,breakfast great and the suite was very modern with 2 large flat screen tv's and we were upgraded as well.My husband plan the trip as a birthday present and would love to stay there again. 
5931 Pros: Amazingly comfortable bed & pillows, nice bathroom, great location, helpful staff. Cons: Internet costs $15 a day more, slow elevators...had to take stairs 4 times from 14th floor due to how slow they were, very crowded, conventions always going on 
5932 The room for families (2 adults + 2 chlidren) are small. Service is poor and typical of big hotels. No restaurant for the breakfast. The only advantage is its very good location close from Time sqare. 
5933 Just perfect. Staff are welcoming,courteous and most helpful. The service is akin to that offered by small boutique hotels...... warm and personal. Loved the spray starch in the room. Like everything about the hotel, the starch was top quality. Wish I could buy it in Oz. 
5934 Great hotel in an amazing location in the heart of NYC! Very courteous staff at the front desk, front door (helped me get a cab) and a great cleaning staff as well - always smiling! Excellent wifi service as well for business travelers. 
5935 I was unimpressed with the Hudson, largely as a result of the poor service. In short, the staff were just too 'cool' to serve you properly. I shall not be returning. 
5936 We booked this for it's location but were put off by the adverts in travel magazines that it was a typical businessman's hotel. We found it friendly and helpful. Yes it is in a good location and we would be happy to return. 
5937 Only a few minutes from all of the best places in New York City.. you won't find anywhere else with this location at this price. 
5938 It was a fantastic stay. I stayed at this location for eight days. It's in walking distances to all popular locations. The staff was very friendly. I also attended a conference at the hotel and it was a great location for that too. 
5939 Stayed here for a conference and loved it! The staff was very helpful, place was clean and well decorated. The only problem was I forgot some items and there is no gift shop, had to walk several blocks to CVS. 
5940 de kamers zijn niet groot. het bed was heerlijk als je van niet te harde matrassen houdt. iedere dag wordt het bed en de handdoeken verschoond. mocht ik nog een keer naar New York gaan dan zou ik dit hotel weer boeken. 
5941 We had a really nice at this hotel, rooms had all been beautifully renovated, a little noisy because it is close to the FDNY and NYPD but no complaints otherwise, very friendly staff and great service. 
5942 Its very comfortable here. Not a tourist trap. Trendy, but not stuffy. Excellent hidden burger place. Great bar.... Quiet at night. Close to everything. Will be staying here again... 
5943 Have stayed here twice now and going back in September, great location, clean and price wise can't be beaten! 
5944 Muy buen situado, excelente personal y trato. Muy comodas las habitaciones con todas las necesidades para el mejor viaje!! 
5945 One of its staff, Inhee Cho, was so nice to assist many things my group asked. 
5946 This is a very good hotel from the point of view if you are 4 people sharing, their family room which is one double with door + another room with two queen beds - hotel is very good for charges made and very convenient. 
5947 I have stayed at the Park Central several times over the years.Great Location,Great Service. A Special mention to Nancy who works in the Cocktail Lounge Bar Bella.A real People Person, at the end of our day,our visit to the lounge was very pleasant, Thanks to Nancy. 
5948 Hi, I stayed at the Travelodge in Chicago during 4 nights and it was correct if you don't mind having bedbugs. The people didn't offer any nights for it and they were laughing... 
5949 From beginning to end, our stay was great. From the front desk to the support staff, you couldn't pay more for better service. Clean spacious rooms, the breakfast is first rate. Centrally located. You can't go wrong with this place. 
5950 We enjoyed our stay here and found everything to be as we hoped. We stay at Super 8 whenever we can because the value is good and they offer free breakfast. My husband loves the waffles and I like the endless supply of hot coffee. 
5951 A very friendly reception when we arrived. We were upgraded and had a room on the 21st floor with a fantastic view. Really comfortable bed and lovely bathroom. The location was superb, near to Times Square and grest restaurants within a few minutes walk away. 
5952 Hotel is new , clean and comfortable. Can't get any closer to the World Trade Center Memorial. Free passes to memorial if you ask when booking 
5953 what a beautiful hotel, warm and welcoming staff, comfortable rooms and beds, great views of dallas galleria / uptown area, - AND now pet friendly too! I would recommend for business, shopping or leisure travel! 
5954 Billed for more than agreed upon. Rude staff. Very small room and bathroom. No tea /coffee. Stairs to climb. No view. Clustrophobic. Stripped bathroom toiletries. No one to talk to to discuss billing. 
5955 Stayed for 3 nights in May 2004. Great location (steps from the Empire State Building, walking distance to Times Square). Very clean, new rooms and large room size (for New York City standards). Great korean/japanese restaurants on the same block. 
5956 IT was a good plce to staty, nice room , cozy environment, clean, nice staff. would love to lodge there next time! 
5957 great location, room was very nice, very good staff who actually make an effort. found a great deal on travelzoo so it was terrific value. 
5958 rooms were small but clean and neat! you definetly need to unpack! the location was awesome! walk outside hotel and Central Park is within 100 yards! not to mention the famous Dakota (John Lennon's old apt) one block way! i have 2 words for this hotel ..... Absolutely Fabulous!!!! 
5959 discreto hotel una camera matrimoniale con salotto divano letto, bel bagno e aria condizionata.solo dormire, non c'e' prima colazione ma di fronte si trova Starbuck.Vicinissimo alla 5 strada e a vari negozi.Attiguo c'e' il ristorante dove si mangia veramente bene. 
5960 Not much to add to the other reviews. Great location embedded among some of the most interesting buildings in Chicago. Check in was fast and they gave me the room early. The small room is just big enough for two adults. Quiet and nice. 
5961 Just a short way from time square. Classic art deco decor. We were on the 4th floor mid winter. Took a while for hot water to make it up there for a bath. Great convience store with good deli & goodies nearby. Stayed twice will be back soon! 
5962 Not your fancy brand name hotel, but has everything you need for a comfortable and productive stay in NYC. Free wifi, new/modern-looking lobby, decently sized rooms optimized for the business traveler (desk + lots of outlets). Staff is friendly and attentive. Location is excellent. I truly enjoyed my stay. 
5963 We spent 4 nights at the london NYC-a return trip for us. We had stayed there for my husband's 50th and returned with our 13 year old daughter. 
5964 This hotel is awesome I love the service Anthony is really a great guy you see at the front desk! It is close to everything and is wonderful for kids I love it. The best hotel ever but wonderful cleanliness and quality great hotel for couples and singles. 
5965 My room was not fully finished from the renovations, and leaked cold air by the siding door. I liked the location and a lot nearby. I liked the balcony and the earplugs, but missed not having coffee pot and second tv. 
5966 Brilliant boutique hotel, well located with great service. I loved the funky theme running through the hotel and bath tub next to the bed was cool. Breakfast service could be improved. Otherwise everything else was perfect 
5967 This massive hotel was in a great location. The staff were wonderful and seemed to truly take pride in their jobs. We stayed here for 4 nights and found it conveniently located to everything. Great city. Great hotel. We would definitely stay here again. 
5968 We stayed for 9 nights and had no major problems. The elevator was out of order for a few hours one night but that was no big problem. The room was always clean and the staff was helpful and professional. I'd have no problem staying here again. 
5969 Very nice to stay to Time Square. We walked a lot to the different places. Do you want to take a sightseeing buss there is just around the corner. Lot of breakfast-places 1-2 minutes away if you don't eat at the hotel. 
5970 Enjoyed our stay at the Casablanca. Service was excellent. Staff was very attentative and friendly. Lots of nice amenieties that you don't get elsewhere. Complimentary wine and cheese reception from 5-8 pm daily. Parking next door to hotel. Great location. Would definitely recommend to family and friends 
5971 Stayed here a few times and it was really clean and motel staff is really nice and helpful! its very cheap considering the area its in and the quality of the room. 
5972 1 nacht verbleven in dit hotel wegens evacuatie door orkaan Sandy, personeel was vriendelijk en behulpzaam. Verzorgde ruime kamer en badkamer. Niet ver van centraal station en de bezienswaardigheden. Er was geen electriciteit, wel warm water.Zou dit hotel aanbevelen aan families met kinderen, toch nog gelegen in een rustige straat. 
5973 The Bowery is a great haven in busy New York the location is great if you like walking around the nearby areas Soho etc but also is right near subway. Corner room views were great, loved coming back to lobby bar to unwind 
5974 Couldn't fault it! 
5975 This is not the best hotel I have stayed at, but that's ok for the price. Clean small rooms, a very noisy mattress that made my baby awake all night long, complementary breakfast, and I must say it: staff not very friendly! 
5976 El hotel esta muy bien ubicado. Cerca de la 7ma avenida y del Times Square. El desayuno es muy rico y muy buena la atencion. 
5977 About our 5th stay at T.I. By far our best experience,very clean,updated and spacious and the staff was wonderful.free indoor parking,definately return... 
5978 ottima posizione, ottima accoglienza, ci ritornerei!! 
5979 I have stayed here and at the Waldorf and this hotel is so much nicer. The rooms are fairly big for New York wtih ample room in the bathroom. The beds are comfortable and the rooms are clean. All the amenities are up-to-date. 
5980 Great location with walking distance to everything but the room is small and smell like mold. i could not sleep all night. 
5981 if you value your health don't stay here. The carpet was wet and the air conditioner leaked water into the room. lots of mold. i changed rooms and it was just as bad. breakfast was a jar of peanut butter and a box of corn flakes. 
5982 It was easily accessible from public transit and right on the river. I flew into Midway and it took me about 30 minutes on a Friday night. For those that are unclear, this hotel is on top of the Chicago. 
5983 Very shortly ,great brand but need's full renovation ! rooms are less than 3* quality ,service is very slow ,would not recommend! 
5984 Amazing hotel - going to stay there again and again! Great location! Friendly, helpful staff! Clean and nicely designed! AMAZING!!! 
5985 Great location if you want to be in the middle of Times Square. Easy access to transportation and restaurants. The rooms have a separate living area with a sofa bed and microwave. 
5986 The W hotel was great. Laurelin provided 5 star service booking us dinner reservations, club reservations and also getting us Cub tickets. She made our trip to Chicago seemless and lots of fun. I will absolutely be back! 
5987 The rooms were nicely appointed and spacious. The bathroom was a little tight, but had a separate shower stall and bathtub. The bed was comfortable. About what you can expect from a decent business hotel 
5988 hotel was nice, front desk was helpful, free parking in the middle of chicago worth 50 dollars a night. Walking distance to magnificant mile shopping, about ten minutes. close to night life clubs, and dinning just around the corner. 
5989 Great hotel in an excellent location almost next to Empire State Building but in a quiet neigbourhood. We loved the thick towels, bathrobes and the cascade shower. Very friendly staff - will definitively come back. 
5990 This has to be one of the best hotels. Amenities were fabulous from the Bose CD/Radio's to the finest linens on the beds it was great. Staff was exceptional. Could not do enough for you. Would definately go back. Loved it. 
5991 The reviews on trip advisor were spot on.This is a fantastic hotel on 34th street.Same street as maceys and the empire state.The rooms were clean in fact spotless,the beds and pillows were very comfortable.There is a subway close on 33rd street to get you anywhere in the city. 
5992 Een hotel waar ik zeker lekker geslapen heb. Kamers zijn niet groot maar wel modern en proper. 's Morgens is de wandeling naar het centrum/metro niet te ver, maar 's avonds lijkt die laatste mijl verder. 
5993 Stayed for 5 night in october, fantastic location & nice clean hotel ! Breakfast could do with some excitement but you are in NYC so dine out ! Overall great stay :) 
5994 This hotel is absolutely gorgeous inside. Beware of the cop writing ticket to all the cabbies out front. He was mean! Otherwise, small but perfect rooms. Comfy beds, dark at night, great AC, wonderful place to stay!! 
5995 I stayed at HGI with my husband and two sons for our holiday during 4th July celebration... Perfect location , walking distance from main attractions, shopping, dining, etc... and still away from the noise..... We loved our holidays in New York.. 
5996 had the best suite on the top floor....opened the door and smelled like an old wet towel.... in wall air conditioner units show that this hotel is an old crusty building with some new paint... very high rates for parking & internet(shouldnt this be free everywhere?) stay away!!! 
5997 Stayed here for 6 nights, summer 2008. Service was in top. Beautiful interior. 
5998 Very good place to stay, well situated, helpful staff, large rooms with the addition of a little kitchen. Stayed for seven nights in September and would certainly stay here again. 
5999 Great service, wonderfully decorated rooms, very professional, just overall a wonderful experience. I've stayed in several hotels in NYC and this was by far the best. I will return. 
6000 veramente contento, ottima accoglienza e pulizia, stanze piccole ed un poco rumorosa l'aria condizionzta, ma per i resto veramente ok 
6001 The hotel is beautiful, extremely clean and located right near Grand Central. The staff at the W are very accommodating. Rianna at the front desk helped us with upgrading our room, and Renee and Katherine (W insiders) made our stay extra special. We look forward to coming back again soon!!! 
6002 We just returned from a long weekend trip to NYC- great hotel. The room was quite spacious for a NYC hotel. Our package included a breakfast, which was an amazing perk- there were many options. The lobby is impressive too. Great central location in NYC. I highly recommend this hotel! 
6003 Hotel was very clean and the staff was wonderful. Convenient location. Would definitely stay there on another visit. 
6004 Vengo a New York molto spesso, volo Alitalia e d'obbligo il Confort Inn. L'albergo gode di ottima posizione, in pieno centro e a pochi passi dalla Metro. Buon rapporto qualita' prezzo. Le camere sono spaziose, pulite e l'arredamento molto ben tenuto. Vale la pena consumare in hotel la prima colazione. 
6005 The St Regis is an elegant hotel! Large well appointed rooms with Butler service as needed. Supremely attentive gracious staff. I am only sorry that I was here for one night. i hope to return for a longer stay. 
6006 This hotel chain is a ripoff. They overbook and then send you somewhere else (while this was happening to us, they sent other families elsewhere - which is ONE reason why it took so very long for them to sort it out). 
6007 close to Central Park and subway, in a residential neighborhood. Only problem is the elevators are slow so give yourself sometime to wait for them. Great service. 
6008 We arrived late after 33 hours of travel and the check in was fast and efficient. Staff lovely and nothing a drama. Rooms clean and regularly service with fresh towels daily. Breakfast was good and enough to start the day. Great location Will definitely stay at this hotel again. 
6009 Molto al di sotto della media degli altri sheraton sicuramente. La posizione a manhattan e' ottima praticamente dietro il rockfeller center e al MoMa. Non offre molto le stanze sono piccole e arredate al minimo. Si paga il marchio e la posizione. 
6010 Excellent value, great location, clean, helpful staff. Double room with private bath and air con in central Manhattan for 200USD - excellent, will definitely stay again. 
6011 Die Chelsea Lodge ist und bleibt hoffentlich noch lange ein Geheimtipp! Die Zimmer sind extrem klein, aber ganz ehrlich - man braucht nicht mehr wenn man sowieso den ganzen Tag in der Stadt verbringt. Die Lage ist super und man kann fast ganz Manhattan zu Fuss erreichen. 
6012 Not recommended for recent transatlantic arrivals. No breakfast available before 7.00 a.m. in the morning, which is not convenient if you are awake from 5.00 a.m. Restaurant very dimly lit in the evening. Impossible to read at the table while dining. 
6013 Pretty much what you would expect from a Embassy Suites. Breakfast was good room was comfortable for a party of three. Great location. Enjoyed the Navy Pier. 
6014 Dirty rooms. Poor Service. Seriously over-priced. 
6015 Me and my friend checked in 
6016 The front desk agents were great 
6017 Knowlegable 
6018 Room was small we found condum in the bed 
6019 So we changed room again we were not happy with it 
6020 This is not acceptable 
6021 Probably from someone's pet dog as this is a 'pet friendly' hotel. 
6022 From the moment we arrived the attention to superior customer service was noticeable. 
6023 Reading all the reviews and especially the responses from Gary ,The General Manager,makes me really look forward to staying at this very fine hotel .As you can see, I haven't stayed here yet but am so Impressed with the GM responses and reviews.See you in November! 
6024 very close to times square, Small Rooms, i guess its value for money. 
6025 If you want to be in the middle of everything, stay at this hotel. Six blocks to Navy Pier, One block to Michigan Avenue with all the store, five blocks to Hancock building and approximately 15 minutes to beach at lake Michigan. 
6026 Great Hotel in a good location in the centre of NYC. Walking distance to Central Park and to Times Square right on 6th Aveune. Some of the furnishings were old, ie: curtains could be replaced but the location is fabulous. 
6027 Just returned from a 4 nite stay at the Residence Inn. It was amazing. Great staff and service. The room was a great size for 4 of us. Location was central to everything. Would not hesitate for one minute to return and we WILL!!!!!!!!!! 
6028 this was third four seasons hotel we were staying in and again they fulfilled highest expectations. nice breakfast, excellent conceirge , perfect pool and gym at the poolside. yes, almost forgot. very nice idea with house cars. 
6029 the staff is wonderful and will go the extra mile. the rooms are extremely small - even by manhattan standards - but for clean and modern room in a great neigborhood close to all - this is your place! 
6030 I LOVED this hotel! I thought that it had old world charm. So spacious and not at all claustrophobic like some other NY hotels. Staff was friendly too. We were so comfortable, I couldn't believe it! 
6031 Everything from the reservation to the location to the elevator were horrible at this hotel. I have traveled extensively and have not been at a hotel this shabby in years. Would NOT reccommend. 
6032 We stayed here for 3 nights in a studio-king and we think it is the best hotel in New York, near Timessquare and all the shops and in the bar on 5th (groundfloor) there is every evening live jazz-music from 8 till 11. 
6033 Very good experience at Sanctuary, the staf very friendly and helpful,room clean and beautiful but a little bit tiny. Near Time Square, Radio City Music Hall, Rock Feller Center. Maybe the only think that should be add is a restaurant inside the hotel. For the rest everything was perfect. 
6034 bad: - indifferent front desk staff; check in 1/2 hr late; key stopped working - no natural light, two airshafts - ugliest decor ever; whole place looked old and tired good: - great location, 31st & 5th Ave -great A/C - great showerhead much better: Pod, Roger Smith, Guest Quarters 
6035 Hotel staffs' service are really excellent. They look like ready for everything when we need something urgently. Especially someone who helped us 6years at that hotel all the time same excellent service, Controller Cho. Thank you so much!!! see you next year!!! 
6036 Room was exceptionally clean, mattress and pillow very comfortable, staff helpful and friendly. Loved the shampoo, lotion, soap, etc- honey and coriander by Crabtree and Evelyn- yummy scent! Enjoyed the hotel restaurant- excellent service and great food! 
6037 The rooms are actually small cabins, not very large but manageble if you don't have too much luggage. Common baths and toilets are nice and clean. Service from staff is friendly and professional and the restaurant and bar in the building have a nice atmosphere. 
6038 It was a fine stay. How bad could it be at a brand new space? My only complaint is the bed. Rock hard. A futon, I think, on a wood platform. The neighborhood is okay. Obviously undergoing a transformation. 
6039 We spent three nights in this hotel and it was great. Very central location, walking distance to almost everything. The service was amazing. The concierge was excellent and very informative. The rooms were nicely decorated and the beds were extremely comfortable. I will definitely be back! 
6040 Excellent location, excellent service, beautiful hotel, happening lobby bar. Highly recommend, my daughters and I will definitely go back. Thank you "W" for making my birthday a memorable one. 
6041 Lovely hotel, room was clean and big by New York standards. Did not get disturbed at night by street noise, which to be honest, I expected with it being New York. Very nice hotel with access to Central Park literally round the corner, a beautiful location. 
6042 Thanks to Catherine for getting me a great room (1015), Anamaria for solving the phone problems, Clayton, Carlos, and everybody else for my fantastic stay as always. 
6043 My husband and I stayed a night here and loved it. It's in a great location. The theatre, shops, etc. are all in walking distance. We also ate at THE VIEW (the restaurant that rotates) which is in the hotel and thought the food was very good. 
6044 We stayed for the Easter Weekend in 2011 and really enjoyed the hotel. It is close to Central Park, shopping, Broadway - perfect for us for a spring get away. Our room was fabulous - amazing views and very comfortable. Service was great all round. We'll definitely be back! 
6045 Stayed at the Smyth over the weekend- really nice, great service, liked the restaurant attached to the hotel, they make an excellent iced coffee, good atmosphere. Nice sized rooms for NYC, really helpful staff, trendy. Would stay here again. Great bathrooms. 
6046 this is not a four star hotel. staff is rude except the bell man. no heat in hotel. freezing cold and not willing to give us a space heater. they treated me horrible. and i did not sleep for 4 nights. awfull in everyway. 
6047 Everything from the lobby and the location to the room exceeded my expectations. Check in was pleasant, lobby is small but nice. Elevators are a bit slow, but the room was quiet, clean and the bed was wonderful. A hidden gem. 
6048 My husband and I had a wonderful 3 night getaway at this hotel. It is very conveniently located. Great restaurants all around, subway 2 blocks away, close to Times Square, and excellent customer service. 
6049 As a frequest visitor of NYC, I enjoy trying new hotels. I must say The Carlton on Madison is in the running for the top spot! Everything was fabulous! Beautiful decor - friendly staff - wonderful ambience~ perfect location - everything was just lovely! 
6050 Enjoyed a lovely three night stay at the Knickerbocker. Room are a tad small but the atmosphere is lovely. Check out the Crystal Ballroom - spectacular! A bathtub would also have been nice but the shower was great anyway. Would stay there again in a heartbeat! 
6051 Great location....nice rooms for the price. Bar is outrageously expensive. even foe NYC! 
6052 Everthing was superb and our room was exceptionally well maintained and clean. 
6053 Stayed overnight for a friends party in the city. The room was large for NYC and well maintained my only small complaint was a lack of help with baggage and a lack of luggage carts. I would definitely stay there again 
6054 Just built in october, nice, clean and contemporary hotel. Located on canal street, right across the street was the edge of SOHO, short walk to the west side and Chelsea districts. Great shopping and galleries close by the hotel. I would stay again. 
6055 Muy bonito y las habitaciones comodicimas, pero no tienen forma de que una camioneta grande entre a el lobby y/o estacionamiento, tienes que dejar tu auto en otro estacionamiento a espaldas y caminar. Eso esta pesimo. Servicio de taxis del hotel super pesimo. 
6056 Went for a week in NYC and this hotel was both affordable and located right near Central Park. Considering the price the hotel was much better than we expected - I can absolutely recommend this hotel. 
6057 We were super pleased with the Affinia Shelburne. The location is convenient, the rooms were roomy and groovy, and the staff were amazingly kind and helpful. 
6058 The room was boiling hot and barely cooled off with the window open; the walls are thin and the couple next door was loud; only the price was good. Wouldn't want to stay here again. 
6059 Perfect spot to visit New Yorkfrom Not far from Times Square and siteseeing .Clean Quiet .Lovely Near restaurants Ideal location to visit NYC Will definitely use again in the heart of theatre district in Manhattan 
6060 If you know that the rooms are tiny you are ok here. Very well run super staff the best beds shower and towels ....and a great location..would come back anytime ...top class 
6061 The hotel was awesome, the rooms were beautiful and the bed was comfortable. The staff was friendly and very helpful. Night hotel is an excellent place to stay. We stayed in the city overnight and chose this hotel, it was great choice. 
6062 Loved the hotel again this time.... Reception staff are mediocre but belboys are lovely. Close to sights, little shop on corner or Duane Reade on every other corner. Close to subway which are really safe..We never have felt unsafe in this city ...Hotel is great ...dont hesitate to stay here. 
6063 Fantastic location - nice service, friendly staff The worst thing - noise. Affordable price comparing typical prices in N.Y. Carpet needs to be changed and TV set should be renewed. But who watches TV in N.Y.... 
6064 Great location. Walking distance to just about anywhere. Very nice staff. 
6065 Our stay at The Muse was great! We enjoyed the location, good service and the large, nice room with cool decorarion. Can definately recommend The Muse, and I am a frequent traveller with high expectations. Way to go Kimpton, keep up the good work :) 
6066 Too small terrible service. Penny at front desk is rude and disrespectful to guests. 
6067 The hotel is perfectly located at the heart of Times Square. Everything was near our location and very safe. We had the time of our lives with my wife and my son. Great service by the whole staff and specially by Ms. Sandra Espaillat. 
6068 What a great hotel. Very clean and comfortable. Close to everything. Will stay there again for sure. 
6069 Great location in the middle of Manhattan. Large rooms. Somewhat traditional decor. Good service. Well stocked mini bar. Perfect for business trips. 
6070 Close enough to walk to major attractions in NY and a great value. staff was great and always welcoming. 
6071 I arrived to a very nice room and staff. When I had a problem it was taken care of Immediatly. So there you go exactly where I needed to be after having Medical test done. This is where I will stay everytime I need to go for Medical reasons. 
6072 One nighter for Rice University tour. Chose for free parking and wio-fi. Beds nice, room fine, staff helpful. Could have comfortably stayed another night. Breakfast is mediocre: limited choice, bad coffee. 
6073 This was the third time we have stayed here on business. The hotel is just right, not too big, not too small. Very helpful attendive staff, difficult to fault... 
6074 If I'm traveling on my own nickel, this is where I stay. Good access to midtown - just a few blocks south of Grand Central - and prices much better than big name hotels. Clean, modern rooms. Free wifi if you join their free club. Friendly staff. 
6075 Es una buena opcion. El desayuno bufete es normal, al menos mejor que los los otros holiday inn. Tienen transporte incluido al aeropuerto, al mall y a un Wallmart cercano. Lo mejor es la buena atencion del personal. Tiene piscina para el verano. 
6076 we slept well last night even in the city that doesn't sleep, the place is very nice so are the people that run this place 
6077 The Yotel was a very hip, and sexy place to stay. Staff was great and the room was clean and fun. I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to New York to have fun. 
6078 Wij vonden het Lucerne een heerlijk hotel om terug te komen na een lange dag in de stad. Het straalt veel rust uit, de service is heel goed. De handdoeken en bedden worden iedere dag verwisseld en verschoond. Vriendelijk personeel. 
6079 Great hotel great location, times sq. Theatre district, trains right there to get anywhere, cabs everywhere shopping everywhere ect. 
6080 great midtown location, near to Grand Central & the airport shuttles. price point was good, room was huge with excellent amenities within. great view of Empire State from window (10th FL). be sure to check out Scotty's Diner just round the corner! 
6081 Our Christian Women's Connection met in one of the banquet room. The food was delicious. The service was excellent! Thank you so much, DORA CAMPOS, for "Service With A Smile," 
6082 Just as the title! Great location for Times Square and a great example of Novotel and thier standards. Super friendly staff as well......... If I had to find something to improve on, maybe the rooms could come with Tea/Coffee facilities......... All in all the perfect hotel for a NYC break. 
6083 good ,frenly ,the situation is very good and complete our expectatives. for us was very interestring all renovation programa and the only a little poor was the tv chanel number and quality of some chanel viuve. 
6084 A nice hotel, quiet, clean, comfortable, and friendly staff... I enjoyed my stay and got plenty of needed rest! One of the better hotels in the Midway area. Dont miss out on Chicagos famous deep dish stffued pizza - Giardanos down the road just a few blocks away...it's a MUST 
6085 We certainly thought this hotel was well located and the staff were helpful and informative. All hotels in Manhattan are expensive and this was the one drawback but nowhere is going to offer a bargain. 
6086 We stayed here in January 2012 and I would return to this hotel anytime. The rooms are lovely. It is located perfectly for anything you want to do in New York. 
6087 This hotel room was a little dark; could have done with a few more lights! Apart from that it was great...comfortable, clean, great location, trendy/nicely decorated, good toiletries (Molton Brown) What more can I say? 
6088 Dirty, dated, dreary avoid like the plague. How the hell Virgin can rate this as a 4.5 V hotel is beyond me, clearly they haven't stayed here 
6089 We just love staying at this hotel. There were 2 of us who have stayed here several times, and 2 who were new. We may be back in NY in November and everyone has asked that we stay at this same location. 
6090 Very nice hotel. Small but clean, near Time Square in the heart of Manhattan. The rooms are not that great, but always clean and comfortable. The pool is very nice and the staff is very kind and attentive to guests. I recommend this hotel to all 
6091 Posizione veramente ottimale... esci e ...cadi nell'empire state building... le camere non sono molto grandi...ma d'altronde a new york non si va per stare in camera..... si paga subito... ma poi sono gentili... 
6092 I travel to New York weekly for work. The W is my "home away from home". Lamika (ambassador), Mariam (welcome desk), Jermaine (luggage), and Reza (in room dining) always go above and beyond.... 
6093 The hotel was awesome. but i couldnt sleep well everytime some one in the building flush the toilet it will make a loud noise and wake me and everyone in the room up. Other than that nice quick and easy. 
6094 My family really enjoyed this place. The location and the hotel was better than expected. 
6095 We enjoyed our stay at Doubletree very much. The rooms were huge and the beds MAGNIFICENT, great location. Absolutely no complaints. I have stayed at other hotels in Houston even inside the Galleria but I prefer the Doubletree. 
6096 This hotel is right in the thick of things, but once you enter your room it's like a little oasis. Service is terrific, food is very good. I'd recommend at least one drink in the bar before you head out. You'll get a good birds-eye view of the surroundings. 
6097 Close to all main atractions; friendly staff. Room was very comfortable, metro and bus stops very close. 
6098 My first time staying here visiting a new client in NYC. Will most likely stay again based on price relative to experience and the quality of the staff. Attentive and helpful staff upon arrival and exit. 
6099 Great location....a few steps from Times Square, Central Park and 5th avenue. The staff is ok. The room is good and the hotel has a restaurant on the lobby. Its an old building, but it doesnt matter at all... 
6100 Hotel ottimo per la posizione centrale , per la pulizia, le camere sono piccoline, ma comunque ci si va solo a dormire!!! Personale della reception molto gentile e sempre pronto ad aiutarti a risolvere eventuali problemi 
6101 Stayed here my last trip to NYC. Great hotel, stunning decor, especially in the lobby. Would certainly consider another stay here. 
6102 A fab hotel in an excellent location right on Times Square. Pop out in the morning and bring back breakfast from the deli opposite (excellent yoghurt with granola and freshly made pancakes) as eating in the hotel is really expensive! We will return. 
6103 SMALL rooms, big common areas and great amenities. Great location and great price! 
6104 Stayed at The Houstonian with my husband who was there for business meetings. Service and food were wonderful. I did not have the opportunity to use the spa but the facilities were awesome. Big price tag, though-- definitely geared to business travelers. 
6105 I am enjoying my stay here but am baffled by the disconnect between the "Conserve to Preserve" policy and the reality. The person who cleaned the room ran the full-size dishwasher for two plates and two knives. That is NOT conservation! 
6106 I don't think you could be more centrally located - a historic hotel and landmark among the very best of the Chicago landmarks. Good facilities and a great wine orientated bar called ENO. very busy Hotel - lifts are a little old and get congested at peak times. 
6107 Great hotel and customer service. I highly recommend it. The one draw back are the elevators. There are only two for a 36 storey high hotel and therefore can be slow but other than that it is a great place to stay. 
6108 We stayed for 1 week, the reception was great with the pillows chosed first. There was noise of ambulances every night, should improve with anti noise windows. Location is great, very accessful. 
6109 Silent and clean hotel right at the Galeria with helpful and kind personnel. 
6110 Location is very nice! Hotel is comfortable but needs some repairs. Staff is not that friendly but not that bad as well. I would rate a very nice three stars hotel with a wonderful location. Serafina restaurant is really good for simple meal. 
6111 Beds and linens very nice and comfortable. Security guard at night in parking lot is very nice. Front desk personel very nice. Great pool. A little surprised at no free breakfast. Restaurant is fairly good tho. Good location for working at medical center. 
6112 The suites are nice, like apartments with a separate kitchen and living area from the bed room. The staff was very good. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and the location in SoHo was excellent. 
6113 Old hotel, not friendly, sade room, no decoration. Not to recommand for a touristic stay in New York 
6114 Great location and friendly staff. We will be back. 
6115 Stayed here for two nights in early Jan. Shame to see such a historic property fall into such a terrible state. Dirty carpets and cheap furniture in the rooms. Really uncomfortable bed. Also under a union strike for the last four years. Thanks for informing me orbitz! Stay away! 
6116 Great breakfast, fantastic spacious rooms, lovely bed, friendly service, superb location, modern, awesome for NY. PLEASE do not go up in price Tryp! 
6117 I like this hotel/hostel and there is no negative that I can say, yes it was for us very expensive but New York is a very expensive city so this is what you should expect in New York. 
6118 All rooms are suites and good sized. Not the most elegant hotel but very clean, good internet service and very close to the loop and the Galleria. I prefer Westin hotels to Sheraton but would stay here again. 
6119 Good hotel if you're looking to be plugged into the Times Square scene. Crowded at reception at our visit due to airline attendants checking in at same time. Not much for lounge/lobby meeting space like other large hotels. Decent stay for the money. 
6120 Small rooms need renovation the location is superb and the price is high in the season. 
6121 very average hotel... but if u want to stay downtown for cheap it is an option 
6122 Getaway weekend with family - very convenient to shopping. Staff was friendly and accommodating. - Restaurant could use a menu update but plenty of other choices to eat nearby. Room satisfactory and clean. Pool and exercise room were adequate and clean. no issues or complaints. would stay again. 
6123 Great place to stay! The size of the room and bathroom was a pleasant surprise because most hotels in NYC are tiny. We were very happy with our stay (incl: check in and out, customer service, cleanliness of room, breakfast, location, and price). We'll definitely be back! 
6124 Although under renovations this wonderful staff upgraded me to a beautiful room for my birthday. After walking the town from this great location, centrally located just down the street from Grand Central Station, this had to be the comfortable bed I have ever slept in. Quiet, luxurious and wonderful staff. 
6125 We stayed here before and had bug problems so we were wary.....but no problems and they have really stepped it up there much better than before. Good breakfast and managers reception. Nice pool area and easy to get to shopping and restaurants. Clean and worth the stay. 
6126 Nice rooms. Comfy bed. The whole "W" experience. We had a great time 
6127 Here for a conference and the noise at 11 pm is unbelievable! I asked for a quiet room, but there is construction on the street and the noise will never allow sleep! 
6128 Staff is one of the very best from Texas to Georgia. Extremely helpful and polite. Took care of me and made me feel at home.staff knows where to recommend for meals. 
6129 Good location. Quiet hotel with friendly staff. Rooms are OK, but are lacking a coffee maker, mirror, bath robe, etc.. On the other hand, offers free wifi. Would likely stay there again if in the area. 
6130 I love this hotel, right in the heart of Time Square. This hotel is huge, has many entrances. You can get lost. Great gift shops. The rooms were surprisingly very quiet and larger than the average roomin nyc.. Beautiful decor. Comfy beds. Awesome Hotel! 
6131 I traveled with my whole family last March 2011 and we all loved the hotel, maily the good location and excelent service 
6132 fab location excellent staff at hotel and it it is lovely and clean. new york is a wicked city for all ages and personalitiies. Take loads of money shopping is great 
6133 We recently stayed at the Warwick Hotel. Although an older hotel it is well maintained. We upgraded to the Warwick Suite and was pleased at the size of both the bedroom and living area. It was worth the expensive. We would stay there again. 
6134 Great location if you are going to NYC for a show. AMEX FHR program provides a very competitive rate, nice in room breakfast and a $100 credit at Bluefin. Not an ideal hotel for business travelers. Noise from Times Square can be annoying. Rooms are in need of a refresh. 
6135 Hotel and rooms was good. No free wifi. Went to the spa and they charged us too much, which we has to question on checkout and was disappointing as we gave a good tip 
6136 The location is great, you are right in the heart of New York, you can pretty much walk to wherever you need to go. Rooms are clean and cosy. 
6137 We spent 4 nights at the INN, It was a great hotel, very clean, rooms were small but I didn't expect much more of a room for the price, I would definitely stay there again. It was worth the price and close to everything. 
6138 Goed hotel, mooie (kleine) kamer maar perfect bed. Hotel ligt op loopafstand van alles wat je zou willen zien, metro op 50meter afstand, time square paar blocks away,5th ave zelfde verhaal, kortom perfect hotel! 
6139 the hotell is very bad ....dirty,noisy,old ,bath room is somyhing i can not describe it ..it is so bad and dirty that you prefer to use public bathroom before you go back to your room BAD hotel, they should remove the title HOTEL from its name. no tv ,NO Amenities?!!!!!!!!! 
6140 We've stayed at the Beacon on three occasions, and we'll keep coming back. It has large, spacious, well maintained rooms with kitchenettes - at a great price. The location is perfect - about a thirty minute walk from Times Square, and near restaurants, shopping and the theatre. 
6141 The Hotel looks better in pictures. It took me 45 min to check in. The rooms in the Hotel need an upgrade everything was old and smells, The bed was big but wasn't good enough. The hotel is in good area but needs changes ASAP. 
6142 Wonderful location, very clean, comfortable bed. Million dollar view! Also liked the food and atmosphere at the Tick Tock Diner! Could barely close my eyes and not look out at the view! Friendly helpful staff! 
6143 Stayed here for a night in order to catch a plane next day. Check in and everything was fine, the room was large and comfortable. Great Hotel! I always loved Hilton 
6144 This is an old, but beautiful hotel! We stayed the night for a girlfriend's weekend and really enjoyed the nice rooms, comfy beds and ammenities. We enjoyed the Keurig in the room for coffee. The grounds were gorgeous. You forget you are in a big city!! 
6145 This is the best Hotel I've stayed at in Chicago! Great sized rooms withs a great view of the Hancock Tower. The bathrooms are amazing with a wonderful rainshower shower head to boot. Can't wait to go back. 
6146 I love Sofitels, and this one is right up there. Great location, spacious rooms, perfect beds and decor. Can't fault it or them. 
6147 Enjoyed the very comfortable bed, great location. Easy and comfortable. Allows pets but doesnt feel like a pet hotel. Enjoyed the morning lobby coffee and evening wine service. Might need another bellman to assist check out/luggage hold. 
6148 Buena ubicacion. Limpieza. Cordialidad. Recomendable. 
6149 I had a one bedroom suite, city view, which is excellent as well. The hotel, the location close to Lincoln Center, Central Park and Columbus circle is very convenient. The hotel staff is very courteous and efficient. 
6150 A very good hotel which we really can recommend good location friendly staff. We will come here again! It is close to everything you can walk to most things Broodway, Meat Market, Central Park, etc. Good restaurants nearby 
6151 It is within walking distance of Minute Maid Stadium however there are also courtesy cars available and Taxi rides are reasonable. 
6152 This hotel was in a good location. The room was a good size, the bed big and comfortable. Good service all round, staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful. Only thing I would like to have seen were tea making facilities in the room. 
6153 gracias al hotel por brindarnos una buena estancia,el hotel se encuentra situado en muy buena area,ya que puedes encontrar todo tipo de tiendas a su alrededor.yo recomiendo 100% este hotel ademas que cuenta con muy buenas tarifas. 
6154 Staying at the crown Plaza hotel 9090 southwest Houston has been a very remarkable experience for me the housekeeping was fantastic and the hotel staff were really friendly. 
6155 Ink 48 was in every way exceptional. The location is ideal for walking to the Javitz Center and to restaurants in Hell's Kitchen. My room was spacious and had a marvelous view of the USS Intrepid. 
6156 Spacious room and bathroom, comfortable bed, shower was poor but everything else excellent. 
6157 you feel like a rock star when you are at the lobby, and like an hobbit at the room 
6158 Rooms were beautiful with amazing views and the staff meet our every need. Great experience. 
6159 VERY serviceminded and nice staff. Clean and modern rooms with comfortable beds. Should been a 4 star hotel, stayed at a 4 star hotel last time in NY and it should have been a 2.. Neighborhood not so great but walking distance to soho. 
6160 Awesome and quiet room, awesome view! I'll definitely stay there again, close to Times Square, room has all the amenities you'll need and it's very functional. I didn't mind the size of the room, but might throw some visitors off. 
6161 Great location, you can walk to central park and times square. Lovely staff who are cheerful and willing to help,great rooms too .We really enjoyed our stay. I would recommend this hotel, you certainly won't be disappointed with its location if you are planning to visit manhattan. Enjoy! 
6162 The room was tiny but comfortable. Yes, there's some street noise, but hey, it's Manhattan. It was a bit of a challenge controlling the temperature in the room and elevators are sloooow, but overall, we were really happy with it. We'll stay here again. 
6163 Really nice surprise. Very clean and European on style. Restaurant overlooks WTC -- very emotional. I will certainly go to any CQs. Love the free bottled water. 
6164 Buona la posizione, vicino alla stazione metropolitana. La stanza richiesta per 3 persone veramente molto piccola. scarso il servizio di colazione proposto all'interno dell'hotel,camerieri lenti e non efficienti, abbastanza costoso. 
6165 Great hotel with great staff. They upgraded us for free for duration of stay. Wine Reception in evening , an excellent touch to cap it all. Overall would definitely return. Also, great location, close to Shopping areas and walking distance to Times square. 
6166 Ottimi servizi. Condigliabile per famiglie. Molto vicino a Times Square, Empire State Bldg ed ai servizi di trasporto. Servizi conformi alle prenotazioni effettuate, con variazioni a vantaggio del cliente. 
6167 We stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn with our teenage boys. It was within walking distance of Times Square, good restaurants and the subway. The hotel was friendly and helpful. We had a great time. 
6168 We stayed at the Affinia for 3 days and could not fing any fault. The rooms was huge and the bed really comfy. Staff are friendly and helpful. The conceriege service was suburb, offering great advice and recommendations. The hotel is in a great position - nice and central. 
6169 I stayed here for 4 nights back in March. The staff were friendly, the room was clean and dirt cheap (by NY standards) and the location was great. If I ever visit NY again this is where I'll be staying. 
6170 Really enjoyed my stay at the marriott. The rooms were very large and spacious. The hotel was conveniently located. The breakfast offered was much better than what most hotels offer. The only drawback was the slow elevators. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. 
6171 stayed overnight only at this hotel...has free wifi...comfortable bed... 
6172 It was nice place no one spoke with you however it was like a statue of one person would say hi and offer assistance and that was the bell staff my god what a hotel that miss the meaning of tangible service 
6173 This hotel was great. The location couldnt have been better!!! The staff were very friendly.The beds are amazing! Food was tasty! All in all a brill experience. 
6174 staff is friendly and helpful, breakfast is good.. location is good... parking down the street which was convenient. 
6175 The room was had musty smell so had to keep air con on all the time but it was clean and the best thing was about $500 cheaper that in midtown manhattan ( for 4 nights) and subway across street so was downtown in 10 minutes 
6176 Great location for financial/court district. The junior suite is spacious but curtains cannot close completely at corners - needed eye shades to sleep in. Best views of WTC site at 3rd floor restaurant (food was pretty good and not too overpriced for area). 
6177 If you want the Times Square experience this is your hotel. Better than average room size for Manhattan. Rooftop bar has fantastic views. Price is very reasonable when you consider it all. My second favorite hotel in town. 
6178 First it took us thirty minutes to check in and we were the only ones there. When we got to our rooms they were the size of other hotels closets with no amenities. Stay somewhere else! 
6179 Stayed for an 1 night getaway. Great location, right smack in the middle of Times Square. Loved the glass elevator ride up to our room on the 42nd floor. Great view of lower Manhattan and Hudson River. Newly renovated rooms. 
6180 We stayed here for a 60th birthday trip and could not fault it. Excellent location .friendly helpful staff , clean, and the free breakfast was brilliant not to mention the drinks all day it was such a great find in new york 
6181 Excellent location for sightseeing, close to subway. Staff excellent, very helpful and friendly Very good breakfast, very nice roof terrace. Room was very very small, and noisy, we had to ask to be moved to another room. 
6182 The W Times Square was an awesome place to go! Cool design, nice room, and outstanding service!!! We will be back again soon! 
6183 This hotel was so much better than I expected! Clean, quiet (that's rare for NY, especially Times Sq), friendly staff, comfortable bed. We will definitely be back to this cute little hotel. Thank you for a great weekend in NY, Comfort Inn! 
6184 Very good location; great staff; great breakfast; excellent restaurant (live jazz on fridays evening); small double rooms (best chose a twin) 
6185 Lovely central place to stay, however watch you are being charged correctly, we got a deal from their website, receptionist tried to charge us three different prices, all wrong when we arrived, other that that it was great. Beautiful flowers in the public areas. Amazing beds! 
6186 From the champangne poured at check-in at the front desk, to Dillard and Brian the conceirge, to Modesto the driver of the complimentary limo, we were made to feel as very welcome guests. 
6187 I really liked this hotel. I think it had just recently been remodeled. Very stylish. Very comfortable. Of course, the rooms are not huge, but everything was well designed. THE BED!!! It was sooooo comfortable. Nice details, from the Aveda soaps, shampoos, to the lighting and the lounge. 
6188 great location. Close to central park. Close to shopping. A quick taxi to time square. Rooms are clean and roomy. staff was very nice. Be prepared for the cost of drinks and food. 
6189 Stayed here again for July Holiday weekend. Everything was wonderful from the front desk staff to the Concierge. Stayed in a corner suite with views of the Lake and the River with Navy Pier in the middle. Room was spacious and exceptionally clean. 
6190 Have now stayed at Soho House in NY maybe 100 nights. Its far far and away the best experience in town 
6191 Long may it continue 
6192 Free wine tasting is the foyer each evening around a warm fire, pet firendly and welcoming. The rooms are plush and beds divine. Room service superb 
6193 I can't say enough about this gem right in the heart of Midtown. The staff greeted us friendly and the rooms were clean. The promotional rate I received were also very good considering the location. I will most definitely stay there again! 
6194 Just fair customer service. The cleanliness of the room was questionnable: we found a hair on our pillowcase, the icebucket was soiled with grease and bring slippers because the carpet floor felt dirty. The best part: FREE PARKING!!!!!! Its located about 5-10 min walking distance to Time Square!!! 
6195 Great time, kids and everyone one had a great time. Hotel was beautiful, service was amazing. Looking forward to another visit soon. 
6196 I stayed in thei hotell it was awfull and discusting food in fridge mold everywhere condoms under the bed and the staff rude as can bee the mannager's both of them were terrible and very rude 
6197 The key to the BM is the staff that are friendly, personable and just plain great. Also, the renovation was meticulously done with absolute taste and fine details and respect for the building and its "era". 
6198 buon posto, personale cordiale, silenzioso. peccato avere avuto una stanza (abbiamo chiesto con il bagno in comune) che non avesse finestre sulla strada ma su un uno spazio chiuso. Cmq lo consiglierei, anche per la zona, vicina alla subway. 
6199 Staff courteous and rooms very clean (which is extremely important to me) Good Value. It would be a great deal nicer if there was a better selection and quality for breakfast... 
6200 always a perfect location, friendly people, efficent at front desk. have stayed here 5 or 6 times. This is always my place. pricey but I think worh it! 
6201 Run down, hot tub broken, pool freezing, overpriced. The neighborhood is a bit out of the way and across the street from project housing. We were a one night stay and quick to leave. 
6202 Troppo centrale e quindi troppo rumoroso,personale asettico tendente allo scortese,camera grande , ben arredata ma rumorossissima.Pulizia scadente non all'altezza delle aspettative e della categoria dell'hotel. 
6203 Would suggest this hotel to anyone. Service was great, breakfast was great. Staff was very friendly and helpful. 
6204 This is a great hotel for the money. But the customer service over the phone is terrible. One hotel rep in particular cuts you off and won't let you explain your problem before she starts giving you her solution. 
6205 Great location and really nice staff. The door man really went beyond the call of duty to assist us, he was so helpful and took his time to explain everything to me. Never ate their so have no comment, location is excellent. Central park is only 2 blocks away. 
6206 I've stayed at this Hilton many times when business took me to the city. The location is great, the rooms are good (especially for NYC) and the service is good. I prefer this area vs the slightly more hectic pace just south of here in Time's Square 
6207 My wife and I have stayed here for business 6 times in the past 18 months. Each time was great. Clean rooms, free internet, friendly staff. 
6208 The staff was very nice, polite and helpful. When my boss missed his flight and needed to cancel 1 night, they were very accomodating. The pool was small, but nobody was in it. All the facilities were extra clean. 
6209 horrible service, slow - inefficient and generally RUDE!!! this is NOT a 5 star luxury hotel, yet ALL THE STAFF act as if they are working at the Delano! SLOWWWWWWW and RUDE. 
6210 Great hotel in a great location. Rooms were very spacious and very clean. Would definitely stay there again. 
6211 Hotel is in a great location! The staff is very friendly and answered all our questions with enthusiasm. The rooms were very clean! 
6212 Love the location and service beyond the norm. Would highly consider coming back next New York trip 
6213 basic budget hotel in a fantastic location for access to bars, cafes, shops, etc. large rooms and friendly staff and a bargain if you don't mind not having the lil extras like coffee makers, shampoo etc. 
6214 Our electricity was out so we needed somewhere to stay last minute. Curtis was at the desk and very helpful in terms of giving us room size options and what floor we preferred. All of the service provided from the hotel was great, and the parking provided was extremely convenient. 
6215 I have been to NYC alot.......and have stayed at various hotels - this was by far the BEST. People were great. Location was right in the middle of Times Square and we had a room that overlooked Times Square.......I couldn't of asked for a better expereience. 
6216 Second time staying at this particular hotel in the past 5 years. Both times, the service was excellent. Only 2 blocks from Times Square and Broadway. The RiteAid next door also came in handy, as well as several nice delis nearby. 
6217 Great location in NYC, next to Soho, Little Italy, Chinatown and by walking distance of the East Village or Greenwhich Vilage. Loved it, all Manhattan and Brooklyn were easy to access. 
6218 This is my favourite hotel. Stayed there twice with a large group and staff were very friendly & attentive to our needs. Beautiful ballrooms and in the heart of a shopping area. 
6219 Had a quick trip for business in upper west side and this was a perfect spot. Classic NYC hotel with smallish room, comfortable bed, and older, but immaculate, bathroom. Would definitely stay again. 
6220 Het hotel had alles wat het moest hebben. Het was schoon. Handdoeken werden dagelijks omgewisseld. De badkamer (en vooral douche) waren prima. De bedden waren wat kort en de kamer was wat klein. Dat was geen probleem, want we waren en dan ook alleen maar om te slapen. 
6221 What makes hotel the best is Ann Mara with Guest Relation she always greets us with a smile and her warm perosnality makes us feel at home .When booking hotel reservation she makes are company travel smooth and my fellow coworkers feel like family. 
6222 Camere pulite e personale disponibile, unica cosa negativa per me il materasso del letto troppo morbido. Buona posizione a 500 metri da time S. e proprio sulla linea gialla della metro comodissima per muoversi 
6223 Across from Carnegie Hall, a few blocks from Times Square-Location, Location, Location!! Near everything!! Concierge desk to help with all your desires. Accomodations-neat, clean, with everything you need, including an efficiency kitchen. 
6224 Room was fine, although small. The staff is unpleasant, even rude. Front desk unhelpful. The worst experience I have ever had. 
6225 This hotel offers a great location for shopping in NYC. The entrance provides direct access to Fifth Avenue as well as Madison Avenue. 
6226 great hotel, unfriendly front desk staff, but nice concierge and bellmen. good location and clean and love the fitness center. would definitely go back! walk everywhere- so close to everything 
6227 Stayed here last weekend and would highly recommend. We got a great deal $135.00 includes breakfast for two and valet parking. Service was fantastic from start to finish. Can't wait to stay again. 
6228 Convenient, reasonably priced and the staff were great. 
6229 Muito bom hotel, localizacao excelente. Perto de todas as atracoes da bradway. Estilo economico, nao possuem o check in tradicional mas sim por meio de computadores. quartos limpos e elegantes, ar condicionado um pouco barulhento. Vale muito a pena. 
6230 Loved the location of the hotel, walking distance from times square and close to the underground train. The hotel's room are small but clean and modern. The brakfast area is a little crowded... that was excpected. 
6231 everything about it was horrendous. apart from the fact it was very central, that was the only good part. I didn't feel safe here at all. 
6232 we only stayed one night 5/30/09.the hotel was unique the staff friendly,very very clean. we recommend to any one,the re was no front desk yet,still being worked on but you don't miss the desk because the staff was right there and very helpful.sharon&brian toms river,nj. 
6233 The Morgans Hotel is very clean and serves as the perfect location for a New York getaway. The price point is very affordable even during the busy holiday season. Cuba de Asia is a great restaurant that is connected with the Morgans Hotel. All around - great place. 
6234 With wife, 3 nights in August 2012 during the US Open Tennis tournament. Conveniently located near Central Park, Times Square, theater district and subway. Small hotel, good customer service, reasonably priced at $197/night, free wi-fi. Not many bells or whistles, but very quiet and comfortable rooms. 
6235 Ink48 is a great Kimpton property. The roof top bar is spectacular, the tie in with "printing" throughout the hotel is well thought out and fun. A special experience and easy to reach other fun points in NYC. 
6236 We had a great stay at this hotel, everything was to our satisfaction - location, service, breakfast, concierge, cleanliness and even the bell services. Will definitely return - good value for money. 
6237 Stayed here in August and thought it was terrific. Rooms are well appointed and relatively spacious for NYC standards. Food in the restaurant downstairs was great. Clean and the price was right too. Free Internet at reception is a bonus. 
6238 I liked alot in a general way, people are very helpfull, and you can reserve at the hotel lobby a shuttle for a lot of places, like teather AirPort or tourism spots. The price is good too! 
6239 Service is great, we are being taken care of in the best way. Kevin Rowe, is an operational service master. He is doing all that he can to provide SERVICE. So are the management and desk crew. Thank you so much, on behalf of the International Black Summit, Inc. 
6240 Checked in.....toilet was backed up....heat did work....engineer worked on heater for 1 hour.....coffee maker did not work... light bulbs missing..no place to eat breakfast... but the price was $260 per night...... never going back 
6241 Right in fashion district near the institute, near great restaurnats and shops fantastic 
6242 Goed hotel. Alle belangrijke bezienswaardigheden op redelijke loopafstand. Kamer niet groot (waar wel in NY?), wel van alles voorzien. Personeel vriendelijk en behulpzaam. Hotel ligt aan een drukke avenue, maar geen last van geluid. 
6243 Service and location so good, we decided to stay an extra day. Just a great overall experience. 
6244 Always stay at this hotel since discovering it 10 years ago. Great position for both shopping and site seeing. Good sized clean and comfortable rooms. 
6245 Huge room for New York, great price, fantastic area for bars/restaurants. Some aspects of the room look a little dated, especially the kitchenette area, but it is very handy! 
6246 Good value and good location. Helpful and attentitive service. Important to get a room away from the main street and one of the upper floors as noise can be sleep disturbing. Only one lift but generally works. 
6247 Great Location. 2 blocks from Central Park, almost in front of Carnagie Hall. Room was large. Clean OK. Enjoyed the two days stay. I recommend it. 
6248 We had a perfect romantic getaway there before our son was born. The location is good, views fantastic (at least from the upper floors) and the rooms comfortable, quite home-like apartments. And we just loved the Sky Bar on the top! 
6249 the food at the settle Inn is the best in the Greenpoint area !! Very talented Chef the resturant is call Sam Houston and is a great value and great food it better then any of the other local hotels or small resturants in the area 
6250 This hotel is close to the garment district, the subway, and some good shopping. Good sized rooms, with very chic decor. The staff are all friendly and welcoming. The continental breakfast was fine for but my husband updated his to a full breakfast for very little money 
6251 Stylish hotel with wonderful views on the upper floors.Comfortable beds and a good location. The staff were very helpful and pleasant. And some very nice restaurants nearby. Would go back. The only complaint would be that we sometimes had to wait a while for the lift. 
6252 This place is ok. Its in a great location and has free parking. There are 70 rooms and 40 parking spots. Get there early and leave your car there and walk or use cta to get around. 
6253 Nice, simple rooms. Very comfy place to stay. The pool is small but refreshing. The workout room leaves a bit to be desired, but it works. All of the staff here is very nice & helpful. Good place for a quick business trip. 
6254 Having stayed here twice I'd recommend it. It central and great for sight seeing. Friendly staff, shared bathrooms not a problem, I didn't have to wait and they were always clean. I'd definitely stay here again. If you want a romantic get away I'd look elsewhere! 
6255 Great location,excellent staff, close to Subway and many shops and restaurants Great rooftop Bar, rooms are really small, comfortable bed,lower floor rooms have no issue with noise.star bucks is very close. A bit pricey !! 
6256 Stayed here in June for four nights. This hotel could not have been better placed for a visitor to New York City. It is almost in the centre of all that is happening. Room was quiet, comfortable and surprisingly spacious for a city centre hotel. 
6257 Just returned from a very welcoming stay at the W Downtown. The views from the rooms are superb. The staff are friendly and welcoming. The breakfasts were good quality with a good range on offer. Overall, a very enjoyable stay. 
6258 Not only is this hotel centrally located, but the staff go above and beyond expectations. And, this hotel is beautiful! The ceilings, elevator doors, furnishings draw many tourists to stop and take pictures. The hotel is walking distance to the Art Institute, many parks, and the "L" 
6259 The hotel has been recently renovated and it shows. The rooms are contemporary (in a pseudo Asian/bamboo way.) You can see the old and tired portions of the hotel in the elevators, some hallways etc. Being that the hotel is embedded within Grand Central Staition, it is very conven 
6260 My wife and I stayed at this hotel and it was incredible!! It has a nice small feel and the service from the doorman to the concierge was nothing short of perfect!! 
6261 Had a great stay, the staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are a little old especially the heating system ( a little bit noisy). Amenities are great. Most important it has very good pillows 
6262 Fun location. Spending 4 nights in Chicago on business. Had a beautiful room but found that there was a bit of stain on the chair. With one quick call, Maidia, ensured that the problem was quickly fixed. Her wonderful customer service made the stay much more enjoyable. 
6263 Great location, excellent staff and maximum confort at rooms!!!! What else can we expect from a hotel? We spent 3 days in New York, and the hotel bring us the perfect place to stay. Absolutely recommendable. 
6264 When I checked in I was suprised how open the hotel was. The staff was friendly to myself and my family and the new renovated rooms are beautiful!!!!!!!!! The location was close to the medical center and Six Flags. I would definitely suggest this hotel to anyone coming to Houston! 
6265 We spent 2 nites in Off Soho Suites in June and it is reasonably good in terms of location but the room needs to have a paint and clean up job. 
6266 Incredibly central hotel - about 1 minute walk from Times Square. Very close to everything - rooms ok, small bathroom. Maid service very friendly and everything you want close by. Would stay again if the Waldorf isn't in your budget! 
6267 Our stay at this hotel was fantastic. Good location, awesome rooms and great staff. Hotel has a fitness center. Plenty of restaurants in hotel and/or surrounding area. Would definitely recommend the Palace. 
6268 we stayed in Sanctuary Hotel New York for 7 nights and liked it very much. very nice hotel, very clean, very nice staff and great location. room a little small (and no closet in room) but very comfy bed. very nice bar on the roof recomend it to everybody 
6269 The room was homely and a great size, clean and air conditioned. Very friendly staff, free internet and great location. Would definitely stay again. 
6270 This is a great property if you want to be close to Times Square. I cant find anything bad to say about this property. The service was outstanding, the room was modern and clean, bathroom was also modern and clean and the view was amazing. This hotel wont disappoint. 
6271 Stayed here the night before a 6 am flight. Room was great, staff very helpful. The shuttle to and from the airport was great and not paying for parking at the airport was great too. 
6272 Huge room. Great service. Very expensive price. Worth the price. Nice location. Restaurant probably not worth price but rooms and service are good. Staff is superbly trained and responsive. 
6273 Great room, great location, new building and rooms. Breakfast was a little crowded, but we waited till it was ready to close like everyone else. Close to Times Square, Penn Station, Broadway, and all the attractions. We would definetly stay here again. 
6274 We've stayed at the Excelsior three times within the last year, everything was perfect. The front desk has always been pleasant and efficient...they've always been able to check me in early. 
6275 Wonderful service, standard room with river view, spectacular! Parking expensive, but there was plenty of street parking and after 9 pm until 8 am it was free. Easy to walk everywhere from this hotel. Starbucks down the street! Wish I brought a bathing suit, pool looked inviting. 
6276 If you want luxurious rooms this is not the place but for the price it was in an excellent locale the price was right and it was clean. What more do you want 
6277 Nothing really special here. Room was quiet, which was nice since its so close to the highway. Skip the restaurant. Service was ok, but food was bland, boring & overpriced. 
6278 Great location and staff friendly and helpful without being annoying. Unimposing lobby but the two bedroom apartment was fantastic for 4 friends traveling together and QUIET. Close to Grand Central Station and amenities. Would stay there again, definitely 
6279 A very expensive Bed and Breakfast. The staff were a little abrupt at times. The rooms however were perfect... 
6280 I was very happy with Morgans Hotel. The attentiveness of the hotel staff was excellent, the room was clean, quiet and spacious, and the proximity to NYC attractions, trains, etc was exceptional. Tremendous value for the dollar!! 
6281 We were recommended to this hotel, as it was in an affordable price range. What a great experience! Clean and well-appointed rooms, bright bathroom with space for everything. I highly recommend this hotel. - Marilyn D. 
6282 I love this hotel and always recommend it - location and price is always good each time I have stayed, plus great celebrity spots at breakfast!! 
6283 Nice hotel 2min walk to Time Square. Outside very loud by air conditioning systems and street. Three elevator are available, but only one or to are working. You need to wait until 10min or use the stairs to your room and back. 
6284 very nice hotel but rooms are small at breakfast no where to sit down! but we slept good and had a great time and the staff was great and helpful!!!! I would come back again 
6285 Arrived mid morning on a cold, rainy day having walked 10 blocks from the bus Although check in was not until 4pm the front desk gave me my room immediately. With a smile! Great theater location 
6286 i stayed with my daughters and found the service fantastic. staff where lovey and very good. very clean and the rooms where spotless.....bed sheets completly changed every day!!! 
6287 Scores perfectly for location, price, cleanliness. Only wish they could throw in free wifi or make a PC in reception free to use by customers. 
6288 Very good emplacement in quiet area but very close to action,5 mins. walk to time square,15 mins. walk to chelsea market. confortable bed and clean room. Loved it!!! 
6289 Very clean modern hotel with a perfect location Close to Time Square, 5th Avenue and Central Park. Good size room with modern bathroom and comfortable bed Helpful friendly staff. Would definitely stay there again 
6290 The room is without a doubt lovely, the bathroom is possibly the best in any hotel I've every stayed. The staff were friendly enough, a bit stuck up in the bar. We paid $750 a night just for the room. I'm thinking that overall it's a tad pretentious. 
6291 Excellent location with attention to providing comfort and a sense/feel of luxury. All the needs are met and there is an excellent concierge to make your NYC visit even more enjoyable. 
6292 Came and stayed in this hotel because its in the city area but find out that it doesn't worth the price. You have to pay for everything even though the price was at US$350 + service charge! The air condition is also quite noisy in the room. 
6293 Hotel is in a great location just off Time Square and we got a fantastic rate off Booking.com. Room and bathhroom were extremely small but clean and had everything in we needed. All the staff we came into contact with were friendly and the service throughout was excellent. 
6294 i stayed here a couple years ago and the best part of the hotel is the location (tucked in btwn Soho and the Lower East side) and the price... overall this is a great hotel for the budget conscious traveler. 
6295 Excellent hotel all round. Friendly staff, huge rooms and an excellent location. We would recommend this hotel to anyone and will definitely be staying here again. Best hotel we have used in NYC. 
6296 ottima posizione, personale cortese, buona prima colazione (compresa nel prezzo!)anche se con un po' di ressa, camera confortevole con collegamento internet gratuito, piccole attenzioni che fanno la differenza 
6297 I've stayed here periodically over the last five or so years. Location and staff are still great. My only issue with my most recent trip was the fact that the place is beginning to feel a bit run down. 
6298 the h-l is located in walking distance from Chinatown, little italy and soho. Close to major entertainment area and the best pastrami sandwitches at Katzs. The mattress is a little short but apart from that and the slow elevator there are no cons, i defenitely reccomend this h-l 
6299 Perfecta situacion. Metro en la puerta. Recepcionistas amables. Ante cualquier insatisfaccion, al instante lo arreglan. Limpieza bien. 
6300 The price is a little high but that is what u get for staying in the city. The location is great and there is so many reataurants. The staff is really friendly! 
6301 Excellent hotel in its class. Very good location, just minutes from Broadway and 5th Avenue. Price / quality ratio very interesting. ALL Personnel is competent, friendly, and smiling. I would like to especially thanks to Monika who was really helpful and professional. She advised mi excellent restaurant to it. 
6302 We have stayed at this hotel several times. The staff always seems to outdo themselves with over the top customer service. This time, they had gifts waiting for my two daughters at the check-in counter. The service definitely made up for the rainy weather! 
6303 Strikers will wake you up by screaming & chanting. Hotel is suing strikers, strikers are suing hotel, not a pleasant place to stay. Hotel will basically offer you a danish and juice for putting up with all of the noise. PATHETIC!!! 
6304 Biggest rooms for $; best location, grab people watching in lobby. Multi fare restaurant downstairs is first rate & fun. 
6305 I am have stayed here several times over the last 6 months and really there are no compliants. Some of the rooms are a little small, but all things considered I would definitely recommend the hotel. 
6306 Stayed just one night which was perfect as it was cheap. But the room was too small for a longer stay, and there's no breakfast (but good places next door). VERY clean. Super part of town as you can walk to Little Italy/Chinatown etc. 
6307 This hotel was in the perfect spot to spend a weekend in downtown Chicago. Close and convenient to the theater, great restaurants and attractions. 
6308 Though the rooms are a little dated (understand there is a refubishment planned), the Hotel is in a great location - walking distance to everything but in a quiet location. The rooms are spacious and clean. Would stay here again when in New York. 
6309 Great Staff from the time you Valet your car, check in, bell service and Gordon Ramsay restaurant all exceded our expectations. Would highly recommend very good price for room with tax $349.00 Parking overnight valet $65.00 Dinner for 4-in Gordon Ramsay $650.00 plus tip. 
6310 New and luxurious hotel at a great location for NYC. Nice rooms which are spacious for NYC norms. Great rooftop bar with a fantastic view on the Empire State building. Lastly, they also provide a well equipped Gym. 
6311 The hotel is ok. The room was really small, but the main points are location and crew, both are really great! few steps from time square and good theaters:) Also, just to relax a little bit more, I do recommend a drink in the hotel bar. 
6312 The hotel was in a great location, very comfortable bed, very fresh and clean, very quiet. 
6313 The personal was nice and smiling. All was ok. The price was correct. Perfect for one week, Really. the services are ok. The terrasse is nice.. All the necessery was in the rooms. 
6314 The hotel is not clean, especially in the room and by the elevators. We have no free WiFi in the room, no fridge in the room, no safe. The bathroom needs an urgent makeover. We will not come back. 
6315 Am staying there at the moment,all in all not bad, Asked for a high floor room given 4th floor looking at the side of a building. A BIG birthday treat for my 50th turns out to be just a trip, as I said nothing special. Maybe it will improve! 
6316 The new Sheraton Tribeca was everything I could of wished for in a NYC hotel. Great value, great location convienent to subway, financial district, SOHO food/dining and entertainment. Lobby was built for the seasoned traveller with all the amenities to support a trip for business of pleasure. Great Staff. 
6317 We were very impressed with the Skyline. Hotel was clean and spacious, in a great location. Staff was friendly and helpful. The pool was a very nice for children. Would definately stay again. Parking was $10 a day, which is a real deal in NYC. 
6318 We had a great time with our 2 adults daughters and their partners. Thinking of the trash whole around the world, and the milieu it should be better not to use so many disposable things at breakfast. 
6319 LaQuinta in Manhattan was a great hotel for experiencing NYC! The location, continental breakfast, and helpful staff were assets to a fun winter vacation. 
6320 I ordered a chocolate birthday cake. When I picked it up, they gave me a coconut one. Some letters on the top of cake were not readable. I was also charged 18 % tips even I carried the cake out. I am not satisfied with their service. 
6321 Got the room on priceline dirt cheap, for about half the going rate. If I had paid the full price I would have been disappointed, since the rooms are tiny though. Rooms are clean, and the hotel has a great lounge. Really awesome location in midtown. 
6322 Excellent location, roomy and clean suite (no bedbugs), and friendly customer service, love the fact that subway station was closed by. 
6323 this was the worst hotel i have ever been to in my whole life the beds were broken the place was small and very dirty 
6324 i would not even give it a rating paint coming off of the walls 
6325 We stayed here for 3 nights and would say ignore bad reviews.I am fussy but found hotel 2 be clean and all staff helpful.We did not eat at hotel as prices were steep!Just across the road is a gr8 deli where we had breakfast every day.Would def stay again. 
6326 great hotel, great location, great continental breakfast delivered right to your room, perfect place to stay in the city. 
6327 Stupenda location che rende ogni percorso una piacevole passeggiata, personale cordialissimo. Peccato la stanza davvero microscopica senza armadio o spazio per una sedia dove poggiarci perlomeno una busta. Aria condizionata rumorosissima con dei suoni intermittenti che rendono la nottata un po' pesante. 
6328 Just completed a meeting here and highly recommend it. They are very responsive to the needs of the group and offer a hassle-free, well run program, all for a very competitive price. 
6329 I stayed in Sutton Court for 1 week. It was really clean and spacey (especially for NY standards). I fully recomend it. 
6330 Excellent place, great price, everybody is very helpful in the staff, will going again for sure! Near of everything but quiet on a side street! 
6331 The hotel was nice, had everything I needed and it had a great location. I dealt with Awilda Sequinot who was extremely helpful. 
6332 This hotel was in a great location to walk to many attractions. The hotel and room was clean. The rooms are tiny , tiny, tiny but not unexpected in New York. The staff was great and very friendly and more than willing to help us with anything! 
6333 Great location just off Times Square so accessible but quiet. Staff were great and room and hotel generally are lovely and in perfect condition. More expensive than some but all day refreshments and cheese and wine in evening are all included so good value. Couldn't ask for more. 
6334 Great location for venues and museum parks. Room was fine, nice welcome package for priority members, breakfast bar was good but crowded. Had to wait for a table. Wireless speed is slow, have to pay extra for faster download. AC worked well. Morning paper was free. Would go back. 
6335 We stayed 3 nights, location was good,close to Penn Station,Empire State building,5th Avenue. The staff here were very helpful - we had a problem with our room on arrival but this was soon addressed. 
6336 The hotels rooms were very spacious especially for NYC. The rooms were comfortable and beautifully decorated. The staff was extremely accomodating. Loved it! We had drinks in the attached bar/restaurants and the staff there was also excellent. Highly recommended! 
6337 Great hotel and good location just expensive and they still charge you for wifi!! 
6338 The night crew are complete morons. They tell you nothing is available when it is. They barely speak english. The hotel attendant had his friends hanging around in the lobby smoking. I was not happy with the safety factor. I must admit the rooms were clean. 
6339 Perfect location in Times Square...close to theaters, restaurants, and a block from Times Square. Pleasant staff. Corner room on top floors...pretty nice view. Spacious. Comfortable. 
6340 Great hotel,would definatly stay there again. Has large suites with kitchens. 
6341 Very well located, clean and pleasant rooms - I would stay here again in Chicago! 
6342 Excellent location and so much more personal than the Midtown/Uptown alternatives. Everything was as described on the website. Staff were universally friendly and helpful. The inclusive continental breakfast was a useful bonus. Thanks for a great stay ! 
6343 Great location, easy to access, the staff was lovely, nice team. This was good value for money. 
6344 We stayed here the night before the Chicago marathon and everything was perfect. Our room had two beds and two separate bathrooms. The service was perfect and the staff friendly and helpful. Considering how swamped they were the morning of the marathon, they still delivered excellence service. 
6345 very helpful friendly staff, hotel well kept in the art deco style, we werelucky to be upgraded to a towersuite with balcony on the 38th floor looking toward the empire state building. With this we had breakfast in thesky lounge which had fantastic views & service was very good. 
6346 Nice, clean, excellent situated, Good beds and toilets. Friendly and helpfull staff. Noise from street, but to expect staying in Manhatten. 
6347 Godt hotell, sentralt beliggende, med god service og profesjonell og hyggelig betjening. Store, gode rom (eneste savnet var minibar). Kanskje litt slitt her og der, men det betydde lite. Spiste god amerikansk frokost i en hosliggende kafe (samme bygning). 
6348 Stayed there with the family in the middle of July and the location was perfect for shopping, sightseeing Manhattan, price affordable, but the breakfast.... was so crowded and we and many others decided to bring their breakfast to their rooms. We found however many good restaurants nearby. 
6349 Expensive, but great area, very calm feel, reception staff superb,luggage and general door guys fantastic, knowledgable,helpful. Standard rooms adequate, bit low on lighting for the less good sighted! Only complaint wardrobe,draw space quite limited.Great position fo Chinatown,Little Italy. Generally impressed 
6350 The room was great! The bathroom was small, but I don't spend much time in there. The location is great. I would stay again! 
6351 I love this hotel and stay here for business whenever the rates allow (below $250.) I highly recommend this hotel. 
6352 One of the best hotels we've stayed at. Great location, very clean, and best of all excellent customer service. Dinah at the reception desk was superb, she did everything possible to make our stay comfortable. Thank you Dinah, we will be back! 
6353 Nice motel with friendly staff. Extremely comfortable beds, accommodating shuttle, no truck parking, and restaurants within walking distance. This motel is advertised at Houston Freightliner. If you have a truck needing repairs, the shuttle will pick you up and bring you back when needed. 
6354 I stayed here before I moved to NYC a year ago and it was great! They were so courteous to me and always had a smile on their face. Will recommend to friends. 
6355 Was greet by friendly service staff when check in... Cosy room with very comfortable bed ... Loved the free shuttle service which able to bring you to anywhere with good service staff 
6356 Greeted friendly, checked-in with courtesy and speed. Great "Room with a View." Treated beyond expectations by Chris and Amy at the concierge desk. Dennis, the doorman, was no menace, but a gentle giant. 
6357 ridiculous room layout, bedroom is in bathroom, very rude service from front desk and phone operator, at $450 a night many other better choices in the city! 
6358 It was a very well kept hotel. People at the front desk were nice. The room was clean and spacious. 
6359 HIlton was a very good hotel in a great location. The rooms were nice and clean. The concierge was helpful. Most of all the Location. Step out of the hotel and everything is near by! 
6360 Plus: - posizione strategica (fermata metro a 2 passi, stesso isolato dell' Empire, Macy's e Victoria Secret nei paraggi, Penn St vicina etc..); - personale hotel efficiente e cortese; - colazione compresa (anche se abbastanza triste); - pulizia discreta Minus: - necessita di una ristrutturazione; - attesa per ascensore - 
6361 Nice comfortable room. Staff friendly enough. But the noise from the nightclub next door was incredible. Might recommend this hotel because of the good location and overall quality but you would want to get one of the top floors if you want to sleep before 4.00am. 
6362 First of all, great location. Right next to House of Blues and near Harry Carray's steakhouse. Rooms were very elequent and modern with charming red-themed bar. Excellent customer service and had a pleasant stay. No complaints and got a good deal for $145 during early December business trip. 
6363 At 1:30 AM - Michael - the Asst Mgr - accommodated my son and mom after they missed a flight at JFK. He was quick, efficient and very helpful - after other nearby hotels were not. THank you MICHAEL - it was much appreciated. We will highly recommend your hotel. 
6364 Very nice hotel. Everyone was very helpful. Rooms are clean and beds are comfortable. Really enjoyed our stay. 
6365 Io e la mia fidanzata siamo stati in questo hotel per 8 notti a cavallo tra Luglio e Agosto 2011. Con la tariffa prepagata abbiamo speso 56 euro a testa per la camera "Standard". Stanza piccola ma con tutte le comodita'. Poi per chi vuole "vivere" la NY notturna... 
6366 Loved the spaciousness and the comfort of the room. Great location. They called me on my cell to let me know my room was available for early check just an hour after I had asked! Lovely and great coffee in the room. 
6367 The Warwick hotel served it purpose for a short NYC trip: clean, good location and nice staff. The decor is a little stuffy & dated and my bathroom was hilariously small. I will be staying at the Warwick again and plan on trying out its restaurant, Murals on 54. 
6368 Hotel viellot mais assez propre personnel peu aimable chambre cote tres bryant impossible de dormir un rapport qualite prix tres mauvais 190 dollars par nuit ttc et taxes n' esite pas a payer un peu plus cher pour un bien meilleur hotel .cette hotel na d'interre que son placement. 
6369 The Duane Street Hotel was so comfortable....GREAT bed. The staff was really helpful and friendly. I normally stay in Midtown but I just LOVED Tribeca. It was relaxed and "neighborhoody". I will certainly stay at the Duane Street again 
6370 I stayed there for a week (business trip), it was really good. Friendly people and very nice hotel. Terrace is a must. Great Houston view. They also have a complementary shuttle for short distances which is excellent. 
6371 Loved the Hotel Beacon.Friendly staff and nothing was a bother.Market across the road,diner next door and in a beautiful leafy location.Great price and room was clean and comfy with kitchenettes if you intend to cook.Right next door to the Beacon Theater.Upper West Side is gorgeous. 
6372 i had a great expereince at this property. The room rate was reasonable, the room was very nicely appointed and despite the never ending New York city traffic and street noise outside, it was very quiet which led to a restful night. 
6373 Posizione ottima ed hotel meraviglioso l'unica cosa e' che ci hanno assegnato una camera troppo piccola per 2 persone... Spazio tra letto e parete veramente imbarazzanti..... Non tutte le camere sono cosi ma sfortunatamente questa e' la nostra esperienza e la wonderful room non e' stata proprio cosi!!Michela 
6374 Hotel staff was great, very helpful and friendly! Rooms and bathrooms very clean, only complaint was the carpet was old. Would stay there again! 
6375 Excellent location ... theater, restaurants, shopping, etc. just outside the hotel lobby. Great hotel amenities, including restaurant/bar, snack shop, and gym. Clean rooms and top-notch service. I would certainly recommend this hotel. 
6376 Hoitel situato ad un passo tra Tymes Square e Central Park. in pieno centro a Manhattan da dove a piedi sei ad un passo dalla Fifth 
6377 Tranquillo abbastanza pulito. Per un eventuale ritorno, sicuramente lo prenderei in seria considerazione. 
6378 Highly recommended Clean, Clean, Clean. Wonderful, very large room as well as bathroom. Have never seen such a big bathroom in manhattan hotels. The location is great, just 3 blocks from Grand Central. The staff very courteous, the bed very comfortable. Will definitely stay here again. Great value. 
6379 It is difficult finding an inexpensive, customer-focused hotel in NYC. But the Hilton Garden Inn in Chelsea fills the bill. The staff is well trained and knowledgeable. They are friendly as well. The hotel is conveniently located near subways, buses and is within walking distance of Penn Station. 
6380 Die Lage des Hotels ist top! Fuer den gezahlten Preis kann man eigentlich nicht mehr erwarten. Das Hotel selbst ist sauber, aber die Zimmer sind ziemlich in die Jahre gekommen. Die Heizung war sehr laut und hat es kaum geschafft, dass Zimmer auf angenehmere Temperaturen zu erwaermen (Ende Maerz). 
6381 We were very happy with this hotel. It was our first trip to NY and we wanted to stay somewhere close to the main sites. This hotel was perfect. Room was clean, price was right and location was great. 
6382 Great location and quiet. Front desk was helpful and pleasant. Room prices were fair. Restaurant and bar were over-priced. Restaurant had good service. Bar had good service during the day but the night bartender was slow and unfriendly. Rooms were very clean and comfortable. 
6383 This hotel in Chelsea has a great location, small floor plates, so less hallway traffic, a friendly staff, comfortable rooms and great rates...also allows cashing in of Starwood points at 10k/night. 
6384 Highly recommend budget hotel with perfect location on ludlow and with a top notch service minded staff 
6385 this hotel was great .close to all the attraction.room clean @comfie. staff very helpful .i know some have mixed .feeling,s on this hotel .but we could not fault it .would go back.air condition loud .but you get used to it 
6386 First stay in NY. Helmsley Park Lane Hotel is ideally situated for sightseeing, shopping, shows etc and quite grand, if ever so slightly tired - but nothing to worry about. Best rooms are at the front overlooking Central Park, sadly we were at the back! Difficult to fault. 
6387 Stayed on the 7th floor. It was quiet. We didn't hear any street noise. Beds were comfortable. Very clean. and staff were awesome. Great location. 2 blocks to main SOHO area. 
6388 The W does not stand for Welcome. Worst experience with a Hotel I've ever had. Need not say much about the Hotel except AVOID it. 
6389 Love this hotel, staff are friendly and helpful, rooms are well decorated, clean with comfy beds and pillows, location is right in the middle of everything but hotel is quiet and peaceful at night - can't fault it! 
6390 Stayed for 5 nights. Excellent location for both subway and sightseeing. Safe at night with adequate eating places. Street facing rooms noisy because of construction and traffic. 
6391 The hotel was infested by bed bugs and I woke up with huge, itchy welts all over my body. It was been a month and even after taking medicine, I can still see the bite marks. I will NEVER stay there again. 
6392 Our stay was late September 2011. This is a new hotel, adjacent to the 9-11 Memorial. The hotel is spotless, offers free water and cookies in the evening. Location is perfect, prices are reasonable. We are so glad we stayed there, it could not have been any better. Highly recommend. 
6393 Hotel personnel was great! Enjoyed the Irish bar - in certain places hotel showed it age - clean but not immaculate 
6394 Great price booking on-line, nothing fancy, no parking, great doorman and lobby staff. 
6395 Great location. Can walk to theatres. Less than one block to transportation center. Clean, comfortable beds. Rooms are small but have everything you need. Good price. Would stay again. 
6396 I often stay here when in New York. The location is excellent. The staff is not overly friendly, but that is typical for this city. The rooms are comfortable. With so many expensive mediocre hotels in this city, it is nice to find a good value. 
6397 Great hotel. Friendly & helpful staff - responded to a room problem instantly. Waiters in restuarant were brilliant. Rooms were clean & comfortable. Brilliant location - close to Times Square & the theatre district. Great value for money. 
6398 This hotel was near everything, especially where my meetings were. Room was compact but well-equipped. Staff was very helpful. Only drawback was the rooms weren't very soundproof and you could hear every movement in the adjoining rooms. Still I would definitely stay there again. 
6399 Zona ottima. Tranquilla e stupenda. Siete proprio di fronte a Central Park. Lalbergo e un vecchio e affascinante edificio ristrutturato. Divina la terrazza su central Park. Camere piccole e aria condizionata rumorosa ma tutto non si puo avere.......personale molto gentile. 
6400 The check -in personell, valet parking team and servers are very well trained and makes you feel welcomed the moment you step out of your vechicle. The room we stayed in weas very clean and spacious. The shopping experience at the Galleria was also very memorable. 
6401 Great location good rooms friendly housekeepers nothing to much trouble for them but the front desk staff were the most unfriendly unhelpful surly lot of people I have ever met at a hotel they should swap the housekeepers to the front desk and put front desk to to housekeeping 
6402 Clean, clean, clean, great price for NYC and the friendliest staff!!! 
6403 Spent 27 days in this hotel with 10 collegues. You can't beat the value or location to the Galleria area. They just remodeled the hotel, great breakfast and large public areas. 
6404 What a great property and right in the middle of Manhattan, with only a short subway ride to anywhere. Very modern decor. Staff are very friendly and Joe the concierge wonderful. Thankyou for a wonderful stay and we look forward to returning. 
6405 Good Value for Price and excellent location near Time Square. Size of rooms decent 
6406 Excellent staff who have been here as long as we have been coming 16 years). Everyone is just like family, from the valet parking, concierge desk, bell hop. Housekeeping is also wonderful and prompt. Room service is a delight when you have your grandson visiting. 
6407 Filthy room. Unbearably filthy. Actually broke down into tears when I realized the rude staff could not/would not change our room. 
6408 Stayed at the London over Christmas. Hotel was very busy. Check in took awhile but the room was so beautiful forgot about the wait. Very modern but comfortable as well. Breakfast buffet was a little sparse but it was free. Great location to theatres and in general. 
6409 Quiet, Quiet, Quiet! Right where the heart of the city is. $10.00 taxi down to Battery Park, SoHo, Chinatown as well as north to the Bronxs. Walking distance to theater district. Great place to be. They let us check in early too. Loved it. 
6410 Took my wife to the Affinia in NY and stayed in one of their suites. Very comfortable and the staff very nice, from check-in thru check-out. Wife loved her present. 
6411 Great views, extremely friendly staff, beautiful and clean rooms. Quiet, great beds. 
6412 The location was great, and compared to other hotels in the area,mthe price was not too bad. I found the staff very friendly and helpful. 
6413 great deal rooms clean and efficient--small but who cares in nyc--staff friendly--breakfast very good--computer in lobby---fantastic location and cheap parking--will stay here everytime im in nyc 
6414 Front desk staff are very helpful. Hotel room is very new and clean. 
6415 The place was so clean! The rooms were very modern and it was minutes away from everything! We walked to Times Square about 10minutes and The empire state buidling was just around the corner!! Will go back for sure!! 
6416 Great stay at the Sofitel New York. The rooms are nice, spacious and clean with excellent amenities from l'Occitance. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, from concierge to front desk to housekeeping. 
6417 Spectacular views as the restaurant revolves around the City. Good buffet dinner w/desserts. 
6418 The hotel, food, concierge, everything was perfect. Accomodations were roomy and clean. Location is perfect for walking to most attractions. Only issue would be the small swimming pool and jacuzzi was not working. 
6419 Great hotel, very clean, good service, best location, I can't say much more except your internet access is $14/day plus if you have a car, parking is $50 per day. Wow! Why is it Courtyard gives free internet but Embassy Suites does not? 
6420 I was very impressed with the Wellington Hotel! it was a lot nicer than i had expected for the price! is so close to everything you want to see! perfect for walking to central park in the morning too! definatly going back! 
6421 This is a very very nice super 8 very clean , love the newness... staff was very polite. and the rooms are great...would recommend!!1 
6422 Loved this hotel. Booked through Hotwire for only $169. Great location and staff. Would highly recommend for anyone looking for a good time in NYC. The room was an average size for what you would expect. 
6423 Well worth the Trip to New York, this hotel ideal position, staff really good helpful and friendly. the rooms are excellent. And i have stayed in many hotels world wide and this is very good. 
6424 If you can get past the poor front desk service you will love this hotel. Great rooms, superior location to walk anywhere. Quite. High price for a two bed suite. But, very nice. Lobby is dark and unfriendly. Most Double Trees have exceptional service. 
6425 This hotel was very clean, staff were friendly and had probably one of the best views I've ever had from a hotel room with views of the Empire State building and Crystler building. It's around a 10min walk to the nearest subway station but a great placec to stay. 
6426 Having stayed at this hotel for 5 nights we couldnt have picked a better location, right in the heart of Times Square, close to amazing restaurants, bars, tourist attractions. The rooms are beautifully decorated, quite contemporary, and all have amazing views, ours was 21st floor. Cant wait to return 
6427 We loved staying at Sylvan Guest House. the proprietors, the historical neighbourhood, and the inviting character of the apartment itself made our stay very memorable! Totally worth the money, and we'd definitely stay again. A great introduction to Harlem!!! 
6428 Old, Historic and still beautiful - great staff, verry responsive. And - what a location! 
6429 Very pleasant. I've never stayed in Tribeca before and loved the area. Wonderful restaurants. Room very pleasant as well. Hotel has edgy design. 
6430 We only stayed here one night, I wish we had stayed longer. Great staff, cozy, clean rooms, and fantastic location right next to Washington Square park. If I get the opportunity to go back to New York I will definately stay in this hotel again. 
6431 Very nice hotel. the staff were very customer responsive. The price is right. the only issue is that it is about eight miles or so from the airport. Good breakfast and very clean hotel. Rooms are nice and I felt like I was getting the Hyatt treatment. 
6432 ESTAMOS MUY CONFORMES CON NUESTRA ESTANCIA EN ESTE HOTEL .ES ANTIGUO PERO LIMPIO Y MUY BIEN UBICADO .SE HAN FIRMADO VARIAS PELICULAS EN EL ,ENTRE ELLAS WALL STRET,SIN DUDA VOY A VOLVER A ALOJARME EN EL. 
6433 Nice staff, the room was bigger than usual NY hotels and clean, close to main attractions. 
6434 In town for the NRA food show. Hotel was very clean and gorgeous! Had an emergency where one of our employees needed to leave later at night and the concierge was very helpful in finding him transportation out of Chicago. 
6435 Ottima la posizione, a pochi minuti da Times Square. Dispone di una splendida piscina. Malgrado i commenti degli altri, la mia camera era veramente piena di polvere, cosa che ha creato non pochi problemi. comunque silenzioso la notte, a pochi passi da uno starbucks (sempre in direzione times square). 
6436 Why don't they invest some of the profit into rooms? Our room had old ripped carpet, lamps with holes in the shades, mold in the bathroom. 
6437 We had a great stay. The hotel looks great since they renovated and the staff is so helpful. The hotel is so clean. 
6438 Best Value I have found in NYC. Location is good, service is great and the rooms are modern., clean and big. 
6439 Really spacious and comfortable room and great airconditioning (need in June/July). Terrific location for Times Square and Central park and especially for MOMA! Ask for a view. I was fortunate to have access to the newly moved Executive Club which was very pleasant for breakfast and other times. 
6440 The omni berkshire is a brilliant hotel. The bed was sensational as was the location. Barely heard a peep of noise over 3 nights - very quiet. The clean, aesthetic modern room is very spacious (premier king), bath was huge. 
6441 Loves the room upgraded suite. Philip Marino was fantastic!! My family felt very welcomed. Nice clean rooms and great location. Only down side was no complementary coffee or machines. Ice had to be brought up.. Great staff, very helpful and accommodating. Thanks for great New York family vacation:) Mrs 
6442 Wilson 
6443 HOTEL OTTIMO COME POSIZIONE, MA SCADENTE COME PULIZIA, SERVIZI OFFERTI E PREZZO TOTALE NON CORRISPONDENTE A QUANTO PATTUITO PRECEDENTEMENTE PERCHE GRAVATO DA TASSE INCOMPRENSIBILI. PERCHE' NON SIETE PIU' CHIARI SUI COSTI TOTALI ? 
6444 I stayed there for a week in May. Honestly, when I'll be back in New York I'll try to stay here again!!!!!! Rooms are huge, but the bathroom are old and awkward... therefore I don't think you can get better room for the price charged!!!!! 
6445 A great hotel for those visiting NYC. Well priced and very close to Central Park and the Subway. Our room had a small kitchenette and the best bed I have ever slept in. Has an excellent Cafe next door for Breakfast. 
6446 I would recommend this hotel at anytime. The Service, The Food, The Room itself was just beautiful. It made my unexpected trip a dream come true. So close to everything! 
6447 Rite in the middle of everything a few blocks from Empire State and Rockafeller couldnt fault it. Clean rooms, breakfast was nice. I would recommend based soley on the location. 
6448 Wonderful room, attentive staff and perfect location, stayed for two nights, hope to return one day.... 
6449 The carpet was sticky! Eeew! The dirtiest window ever. The VIP check-in was closed (100 people in line!). Stained walls, even in the upgraded Penn 5000 rooms. Filthy curtains. Awful bed. 
6450 Lift is still out of order. Hotel won't run a/c in breakfast room like an oven. Be warn of gift shop if buying broadway tickets - got cheated on the price. Hv been told price for $80/- but was for $55/-. 
6451 We stayed in this hotel for Easter 2012. The hotel is brand new, clean,modern. Location is central to all NYC attractions. We recommend this hotel 100%. Eva 
6452 Really enjoyed the old-time feel of the hotel, including the original floor tiles in the elevator. Great location to walk up and down Michigan Ave. Right next to Buddy Guy's Legends blues club. Friendly staff. Good restaurant and also features a club lounge. Would certainly stay there again. 
6453 We stayed with friends. The rooms were small but clean and the bed was very comfortable. Parking is a problem and very expensive. The complimentary breakfast was good. Within walking distance from Magnificent mile and shops. The staff was very helpful.Pity we stayed only 2 days. 
6454 hilton downtown, it has a lot of history, and a few film have been made here, when it was build it was the largest hotel in the world ,it was called the stevens. 
6455 We love the Wellington. Right in Midtown, next to the Subway, theatre and shopping. Steps from Times Square! Location location location! Lobby and service great. Rooms are adequate. I don't go to New York to stay in my room... 
6456 We had a great time at the Travelodge hotel thanks to the professionalism and kindness of the staff. 
6457 Could not have felt more welcomed. Staff went way above and beyond the call of duty. Treated like royalty. Website doesn't do justice 
6458 Had a brilliant stay here. Situated between Grand Central Station and the Chrysler Building giving you easy access to everywhere in Manhattan. Rooms were excellent as were all staff. Would stay here again. Great coffee shop across the road which was our first port of call in the mornings. 
6459 gran enplazamiento a 10metros de times square entre6 y 7 av, desayuno incluido (no es comun en hoteles ny) recien construido, piscina y bar modernos y un servico muy agradable, unica cosa rara para los europeos la recepcion q parece una tienda pero el servicio de su personal es perfecto. 
6460 My family stayed in several rooms during the weekend of April 20-24, 2006. The hotel was conveniently located near the site of the wedding. The room was fine - comfortable and clean. The staff was curteous and helpful. I have no complaints. 
6461 Clean and comfortable room. Quiet except for some sort of mechanical fan that started and stopped frequently. Nice linens. Friendly desk staff. Mini fridge in room to keep your own food in. Close to #1 train, central park, riverside park, museum of natural history. Great restaurants in the neighborhood. 
6462 Indimenticabile la vetrata della camera a filo pavimento..una vista magnifica. Bagno spazioso e pulitissimo. Certo, prezzi cari ma new york si sa'... Non e' economica. Ottima posizione, a pochi passi da tutto. 
6463 we stayed here 6th-10th july and loved this little hotel, its basic and clean and in an excellent location, the staff are very helpful the breakfast is good and the roof bar is amazing. would definately recommend this hotel 
6464 The hotel is good, great location! When we got to the room, it seemed clean but the bathroom was dirty. Then we changed rooms, and it wasn't clean either. We didn't make a big deal but we never got the attention we deserved. I will not go back there. 
6465 We stayed at Doubletree New York in the New Year 2003. It was in perfect location right on Times Square. The rooms were big and comfortable. We travelled with two children and we had a great time in NY. 
6466 io e mia moglie abbiamo soggiornato tre notti,ci e' piaciuto molto,moderno,accogliente ,con colazione abbondante,ma soprattutto la posizione infatti si trova a 5 minuti a piedi da Time Square cavolo che citta' fantastica New York...molto bello da ritornare 
6467 Location, location, location! Too bad the rooms and service did not exceed my expectations...there was no "wow" factor here, other than the location. 
6468 This hotel has been nicely upgraded and the room is of average size. My room felt a little damp like the ventilation was not working properly, but that is really my only negative. Parking was adequate and the business center was top notch. Excellent rate via hotwire.com 
6469 Completely professional staff, beautiful hotel, very clean, well maintained, and perfectly located! We will definitely be back very soon! 
6470 This warm, welcoming property is a panacea for the cold, cruel world. Definitely my favorite hotel in New York. They accomplish something most hotels cannot - when you walk through the doors you feel as if you have come home. 
6471 cool place but a little too high priced for what you got. would rather spend the same $ or a little more and stay at the Ritz or Satai. 
6472 Spent two nights. Upgraded to club gold was worth it based on breakfast Internet morning in room coffee delivery 15 dollar spa credit and other perks. Nice clean updated room. Nice small gym. My spa great Tania a Terrific therapist. Nice convenient location. 
6473 solamente ben posizionato per il resto un tre stelle non all altezza. Della nomea il bar sprovvisto di campari e grappe bicchieri sporchi camerieri scontrosi non giustificabile il prezzo pagato considerando i disservizi Gt 
6474 Travel to NYC twice monthly and On the Ave has become my number one place to stay due to quality of hotel, staff, customer service and convenience of location. The level of comfort for the price point is incredible for NYC!! 
6475 Recently stayed at this hotel while celebrating an anniversary with my wife and was amazed by the level of service received at the hotel. Additionally, very clean, large rooms. I had not one single issue and will use this hotel on all future trips to New York!!! 
6476 Very small room, old and not clean. Too expensive for nothing. They are not open to provide help, support, changes or even a comprehensive NO. Old towels + old ripped bed linen. I do not recommend. 
6477 the only good point was the position , Still under renovation so no facilities available 
6478 Staff were rude and very offhand , room and bathroom wre tiny with a large noisy airconditioner 
6479 Was so bad we checked out and went to another hotel 
6480 The hotel is in a great location, just 2 blocks from Central Park. Very clean with small but nice rooms. The location makes this hotel a great place to stay. 
6481 The Raffaello was a surprisingly wonderful hotel. In an understated location, but central to all the attractions that I love. Within walking distance of the Navy Pier, Lake Michigan, Michigan Avenue, Shopping, Restaurants and Bookstores. Service in the hotel was excellent! 
6482 Cute and quaint hotel. Classic style. Staff was very friendly, Bob (the manager) was very helpful with what we needed. I would definitely stay there again. 
6483 I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights last summer. The location is fantastic, right in the middle of Times Square. The staff is very nice and helpfull. The rooms are very small but well kept and clean. I will probably stay here again, for my next NYC trip. 
6484 InterConti New York is always improving: now has beautiful large flat screen TV in all rooms! Check in there 8am - after a 10-hour flight - be welcome by AnnMara's big smile and have the room ready with amenities is simply priceless... 
6485 Super clean, great location, comfortable bed, near subways. Only negative is that the builders failed to install a service elavator. Not a negative reflection on the management and staff. I had a billing issue that was promptly resolved. I received a personal call by the hotel manager. A class act! 
6486 We love returning to the Sofitel New York. Nothing to say, as usual. Staff is always impeccable and friendly and who doesn't love the MyBed !? 
6487 I stayed here for a week. It's an extended stay apartment so you don't have to deal with typical hotel nonsense. The building has great staff and nice decor. I would recommend to anyone staying in NYC longer then 7 days. 
6488 Friendly staff, from doorman to management! Definitely recommend it. Great location, subway is at the corner. Walking distance to great restaurants too! Will definitely go back and stay there whenever in NYC! 
6489 Excellent hotel. Good location. Good services. Laundry facilities and a gym is at the basement. Breakfast is free and foods are good. Twelve rooms a floor; which means security is perfect. Room is spacy. Kitchen facility is excellent. I will certainly chose this Inn for the next stay. 
6490 Great staff Clean Rooms Nice Breakfast Good Location 
6491 Great a fun hotel. Just enough space (although I was traveling alone). Was a bit chilly at night - very light comforter. But I never did ask for more blankets. On the YOUNG side for sure, very international and quiet up on the floors. 
6492 Best thing was the shower heads. Worst was the pocket door to get into the bathroom. New hotel for NYC. Bath towels could be bigger. Overall a good place to stay. 
6493 Our stay in Newton was great. Nice rooms, good maid service and the staff was great too.Kind, polite and helpy. Thank you for everything. Only thing we missed was one more elevator. Everything else was perfect! 
6494 Bed bugs?! When I complained to the front desk they sent up an inspector who said it was fine but I was covered in bites! 
6495 Fantastic hotel, great for groups who like to stay out late. Two things to be aware of...the elevators are slow. If you get a late checkout, they terminate your key cards at 12 noon...so it is a run around to get back into your room. Other than that...party on. 
6496 If that is what you are going for, then it is ok, but otherwise I highly recommend looking elsewhere. The service is good and the beds are comfortable (like all W's) but the ambiance just isn't that cool anymore. 
6497 estuvimos en un piso 41 fantastica vista sobre broadway. 
6498 Stayed here many times. Hey, it's a Marriott! Never had bad service, and location is great for doing things in Manhattan. Also, East Side is somewhat convenient for getting out to Long Island. 
6499 Red roof inn is very near and walkable to all chicago attractions,but for parking, stay in redroof inn was very cost effective. 
6500 This hotel is a very nice hotel.Some of the guest are shady!!! The staff itself does a great job.Guest having 2 adults and 5 kids in 1 room,of course your stay is gonna suck.I enjoyed stay even though i had to move because of the cheap family above me. 
6501 The Muse is an excellent choice of hotels in the Times square area. A block from the square and very comfortable and elegant. The staff was exceptionally welcoming and professional. I would stay at this hotel again. Nothing negative about the experinece at all. 
6502 Great location, friendly and professional staff. Rooms were clean and the second floor lounge is a great place to relax. I would choose to stay here again. 
6503 the hotel was nice and comfortable, clean and the staff was friendly BUT lunch in the Peacock Alley restaurant was $78.00 for two sandwiches and a hot tea, hot coffee and one coke. Ridiculous??????????? 
6504 Good enough for what I needed. I didn't want anything fancy and overpriced. Stayed 7 nights with no problems. Not the greatest but it was fine, and I never saw any bugs. The people on the streets and car horns can get annoying though. 
6505 Noisy room (the air system does not turn off), poor tv reception and very slow internet access... enough 'incentives' to look elsewhere in the future. 
6506 This room really was a welcome site. The hotel is very clean and the bathrooms are plenty and close to rooms. We would stay here again. The staff was also very plesant. The room had it's own sink which was nice for freshing up. 
6507 New York is fantastisch. En dan ook nog eens logeren in Waldorf Astoria: overweldigend. O.a.ons uitzicht op de kamer: 4 ramen waarvan 1 zicht op de Chrysler Buiding. We hadden alleen problemen met de minibar: niet aankomen, dus. 
6508 The hotel is located so close to action but you can rest if you want. Clean, good service price excellent and rooms well maintained, very convinient restaurants good service. Very good experience. 
6509 Great place to stay with beautiful rooms. The main floor lounge is a great place to meet and have drinks. Rooms are clean, nicely appointed, good size for Manhattan. Price wa fair for NYC 
6510 The experience I had there was excellent. Ask for Maddie she was very helpful and also informative about events for families with kids. 
6511 I love the style of the old building. Love the music they played. Great for people in their 20s and 30s. Very cool people place. The rooms are nice and funky -a little small but every place in New York have smaller rooms. 
6512 Once they moved us, we loved our suite. We had a great view of the west side of the City. We had a cute little balcony. Our suite was perfect. We love nyc, so we loved staying at Thompson... We will definitely come back... 
6513 trea bien situe vie exceptonelle 
6514 Het hotel is op loopafstand van Times Square. De inrichting is strak en modern. Er is een lounge en internetmogelijkheid, het personeel is vriendelijk. Het stallen van bagage en de mogelijkheid om op te frissen in de fitnessruimte voordat de terugreis begon vonden wij erg prettig. 
6515 Mangament Sucks. People are rude. Worst stay ever. Too expensive. MANY MANY other hotels in area 50-100 dollars cheaper. What's going on? 
6516 Very nice place, amazing rooms.. Best place ever.. The bed was so comfortable that you would like stay longer...Everything were perfect. Very professional staff. Amazing hotel. 
6517 The staff at the hotel was very friendly and helpful. Room 302 was fantastic, had its own patio. Amazing experience. Only comment was room service was a bit high with all the delivery fees, service charges, etc. Also there was construction that started at 9am on Saturday morning. 
6518 I'm very picky but I've got to give the Dylan thumbs up in every respect. Nice enough room, everything worked, good service, quiet, no problems. Got a decent price online, quick walk to all of my business meetings. I recommend the Dylan and I will stay there again. 
6519 We were pleasantly surprised when arriving at Club Quarter. About a 30-40 minute drive from JFK. Amazing location. Safe area. Clean hotel, remodeled, bottled water for all guests. 
6520 I stayed there with my friends and had a great experience. The staff was really helpful and friendly. Excellent location, just across the street there is a subway. It was the best hotel I ever stayed in New York. The restaurant has a really good japanese food. 
6521 The hotel is very funky but I thought with a suite we would have a decent sized room. Unfortunatley the room was very small and the bathroom like a cupboard! Beside this the hotel itself is really nice and I found the staff very help indeed! 
6522 I just spent a wonderfuI weekend at this hotel. The location was perdect for experiencing downtown Chicago and the room was very well appointed and comfortable. I highly recommend this hotel. 
6523 Hotel is from 15F to 26F. I think the night view in this hotel is wonderful around almost all the rooms. It's normal holiday inn, and always good quality. 
6524 Just got back from a five day NY vacation. The Mansfield was perfectly located and a well appointed building. Rooms are definitely small, but rooms were very comfortable and the staff was really good. I enjoyed this hotel and would stay again. 
6525 We came here for brunch and it was amazing. The decor, atmosphere and drinks were great. Hotspot in NY definitely worth the trip. 
6526 Centrally located by Grand Central, yet not very noisy. We had one of the tower suites, worked well for a family of 5. This hotel does not look impressive but is good value for NY. 
6527 The History And Architeture Of This Hotel Is Amazing 
6528 Excelente...hotel...servicio...vista espectacular... 
6529 In short - very nice place. Old building that has been nicely renovated. Great rates for midtown. Rooftop lounge is awesome. Didn't eat there but restaurant looked nice. Showers are huge walk-in types. Comfy beds. New furniture. 
6530 niche hotel full of niche staff that makes your stay memorable, especially the Lexicon lounge with host Anthony - such a kind and generous person even whilst enduring unkind / rude guests 
6531 We stayed at the Belnord Nov 2004. Very clean. Helpful staff. One minute walk to subway. Small rooms but sufficient for the budget minded traveller. Close to many restaurants. Minutes from beautiful area of Central Park. Recommended! 
6532 As a frequet travellor at Starwood hotels I can not accept a $250 per nite hotel without: in room safe, adequate fitness facilities (small room, no free weights, no sauna or pool) 
6533 $43 through Hotwire....excellent!! Been here many times. Good place to stay before departure. Clean and comfortable.... ;-) 
6534 Great clean hotel with modern room and gorgeous huge bathroom. We ate breakfast around the block and enjoyed using the subway to go uptown for shopping. Great deal on the room using Marriott Rewards. 2 full beds for 149 plus parking 
6535 Hotel fantastic in every way. From moment we stepped into this hotel we enjoyed every minute. Hotel staff so friendly and helpful, room spotless with fantastic views. Would recommend to anyone and it's great value too. 
6536 The beds were very comfortable, clean rooms, great front desk service. Good breakfast next morning too, with an adequate selection of hot and cold items. Remember to ask for a room as far from the highway as possible so you can get some sleep. 
6537 We booked through Expedia and requested two beds. When we arrived, the hotel overbooked and gave us a room with one king bed. My friend with a 16 months old baby was put in a smoking room! The front desk agent didn't even bother to inform him. 
6538 Hotel is well priced and offers a great location for manhattan. Rooms need a bit of updating but found the facilities to be reasonably good. Nice complimentary coffee and muffins in the morning. Lifts are very poor and the staff were reasonably friendly and helpful. 
6539 ALways a great place to stay very clean and quiet. This is the only place I choose to stay in the area. ALways exceptional service and cleanliness. 
6540 The noise from the street outside (including almost constantly honking horns) was deafening until after 2:00 in the morning. We stayed here on a Friday night and will never make that mistake again. Otherwise, it was a standard Courtyard Marriott. 
6541 Wonderful experience with Dee. She is very helpful and great person. Always willing to help. 
6542 Great location; received good dining recommendations from concierge; frig in room very useful; room darkening drapes quite helpful; great value for price; loved the orange scented toiletries; sodas near ice machine not overpriced 
6543 Bis auf Lage und Sauerkeit gibt es nichts positives zu berichten. Der Service war sehr aufdringlich. Das einzige Interesse war wohl einen Transfer mit einem privaten Limo-Service zu verkaufen. Das Zimmer war eine Zumutung. Zudem wird direkt neben diesem Hotel ein neues Gebaeude errichtet. 
6544 If you stayed in other hotels in NYC, you know the size of the suite was a treat and conventienly located and priced well. Great refrigerator and kitchenette. I have no complaints. Due to Hurricane Sandy, the Statue of Liberty and the Seaport were closed. Plenty of great shopping nearby. 
6545 The hotel was so nice - We had a group of 25 - from the first call on the phone to make the group reservation to the entrance to the front desk to the rooms and amentities! Clean, energetic, always "did it right"! THANKS 
6546 Novotel is a good choice. The hotel should offer better rates and improve the conditions of the carpets of the rooms. I think it is a little expensive for the conditions offered by the hotel. But in general is a good choice with an excellent location in Times Square. Mauro 
6547 Prima kamer. Schoon en ruim. Zeer rustige gezellige buurt. 
6548 Worth saying that I stayed here on business, so Times square is a negative rather than a plus. Location would suit tourists well. Mostly families staying here, staff were functional but charmless, decor in the rooms felt like a great aunt's spare room. Spacious though. 
6549 The rooms are clean enough, big enough, almost quiet enough, but the location is fantastic. Everyone who worked there was helpful and friendly. We have stayed at the Wellington with college groups for 15 years with no problems. 
6550 Yotel is a great hotel. It's new, trendy and fun. The hotel staff is excellent. We ordered broadway show tickets with the help of the staff and the tickets were delivered to the hotel. Also, it's a good location---very close to Times Square. 
6551 My daughter Vanessa's first trip to New York was, made especially nice by the exquisite care we received at Hotel Indigo. Front desk, housekeeping servers, bartenders job well done! 
6552 Location location location, Just back from a wonderful stay at Eastgate Tower Hotel, all you need to know is, large rooms, clean, very good service all round, value for money, good all round, our favourites hotel in New York City, we will be back. 
6553 Goed en comfortabel hotel met zwembad. Eten (prijs / kwaliteit) is wel aan de dure kant vergeleken met andere restaurants in New York. Met de metro goed vanuit midtown bereikbaar (beste uitstap is Fulton Street). 
6554 Great hotel with friendly staff, but the rooms were VERY small. I think my bedroom was twice the size of the entire room, bathroom and closet included! For the price, go somewhere else. You can always see the lobby when passing by. 
6555 What a lovely place! You feel like you are in the middle of everything and yet it is so quiet! Good breakfast, friendly staff, clean comfortable rooms! Next time we are in NYC, we will book this hotel for sure! 
6556 OK it's in a good location,cheap and the rooms are clean,but two bathrooms per floor is just woefully inadequate particularly when not all of the showers work. Whole place is in need of upgrading, furniture battered, threadbare carpets 
6557 Definitely one for the budget concious (young?) backpacker. 
6558 HORRIBLE!!!!! Personal cold! rooms like horror movies! ants in the room, bath rusty, crumbling walls, broken lights........ do not go!!!!!! 
6559 My wife, two small children and I stayed at the Kimberly last May. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. We found the hotel to be a great value and centrally located. The hotel restaurant is also excellent and family friendly. We will recommend the Kimberly to friends. 
6560 Here on business. The staff at the restaurant/cafe area was pleasant and very knowledgeable about the surrounding area. Room was clean and comfortable. Even being near the elevator the room was very quiet. 
6561 An excellent location and good value for the area. The room was clean, but the shower tap kept falling off and didn't get repaired in the five days we were there. For such a modern hotel the lifts were extraordinarily slow! I would certainly stay there again. 
6562 Great location right by Times Square - noisy but all part of the NYC experience. Friendly staff. Not the cheapest hotel in the world but plenty of places nearby including a 24 hour supermarket. 
6563 Dream Downtown is a great hotel if you want to hole up in a fun place with parties by night and a fun crowd by the pool by day. Don't take Children, Grandparents, nervous equines etc. 
6564 We highly recommend this hotel. The rooms are small suites with a separate living room area. The location is great for shopping or theater. The staff is friendly but not overly so. 
6565 this is a beautiful hotel. it is centrally located and the service is great and the room is clean. 
6566 We had a very good experience in the Yotel. We were there for a stay of 6 nights. The Room was clean and the hotel staff efficient 
6567 We stayed in the family room which was a good size and very comfortable. 
6568 It is quite interesting and has some advantages for the price. There are a lot of things to improve ............................ 
6569 Location was great, the welcome outstanding and everything was perfect for a long weekend "sisters" getaway. 
6570 Stay one night on Friday. Nice small hotel with pool behind bar. Excellent location. Lot's of ambiance in the bar at night. Bed is on a kind of plateau which was a litle bit shaky and dirty. 
6571 Prima hotel voor als je met een gezin NY wilt verkennen. Familyroom had twee gedeelten (slaap- en zitruimte), koelkast, magnetron en koffiezetapparaat. Ligging ideaal. Enige nadeel: ontbijt niet inbegrepen. 
6572 I stayed at the Marquis with some friends, and wow! We had a great time. Our room was beautiful, the location is PERFECT and the staff is the best in the business. THANKS! 
6573 The Location is excellent for any activity midtown NYC. Cabs at your fingertips due to excellent staff at the front: Latoya/Krys. Hope to return soon. Also, it was a lovely neighborhood with more to explore next time. 
6574 The staff is fantastic, rooms are fantastic, they are accommodating, professional and overall superb. Thank you for a memorable time ! 
6575 I've stayed here many times- I always get the best level of security and service NYC has to offer. Very Private - amenities are perfect. 
6576 This a hotel that, despite the location which is really central, is not worth a penny. Absolutely awful. 
6577 This was a great location. The room was very average the carpet had major stains. The beds were comfy. However the air conditionner was awful might as well get rid of it!!!! Personel were friendly and helpful 
6578 Das Hotel liegt sehr zentral. Time Square, Empire Stat Building, Macy's etc. sind alle bequem zu Fuss zu erreichen. Wir hatten ein Zimmer im 27. Stock mit direktem Blick auf das Chrysler-Building. Wir waren insgesamt sehr zufrieden mit unserem Aufenthalt. 
6579 I have stayed in many fancy places And this one is clearly not one of them I am in room 510 and it is pretty disappointing..... 
6580 We spent 3 nights there in a king room on the 18th floor. The hotel is very nice. Convenient location to millennium park just off Wacker easy walking distance to most of downtown. Clean, ecofriendly an overall enjoyable stay. Definitely recommended. 
6581 pro: mini cucina con lavandino, frigorifero e microonde, inoltre, nelle immediate vicinanze c'era un negozio di alimentari della catena "Good fine food" contro: un po' rumoroso, nonostante il 14mo piano 
6582 First hotel in Manhattan and i really enjoyed ! 2 minutes walk to Madison square Garden and 15 minutes walk from Times Square. Desk is really helpful and the room was perfect. The bad thing about this hotel is that there is only 2 elevators for 27 floors. 
6583 Just stayed there 4 nights. No problems whatsoever. I had a double with a private bathroom. It was very quiet, and the room was clean and neat. Front desk staff was friendly. Great location too, 3 blocks from the subway. I'm booking here next time I go. 
6584 Not one complaint about this hotel. It's close to everything you could want to see during a short stay in Chicago. Highly recommended. 
6585 This is a great business/conference hotel, don't expect anything much in the surrounding area. Huge rooms and bathrooms, executive lounge is a long way from some of the executive rooms. Hilton need to get with the times and stop charging for wifi access. 
6586 Nice but nearly 400. for our night. I felt safe the whole time. 
6587 Great hotel, big rooms and ordered us a limo as a taxi to take us to the airport! 
6588 Stayed last week as part of our trip to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary. The hotel has a great location with fantastic views to Central Park. The staff went above and beyond their responsibilities to make sure we had a pleasant stay. Will definitely stay again. 
6589 No heat in the room! No service! No help! Never again! Pay for interent? Who pays for that anymore? 
6590 Very elegant hotel with beautifully designed and well appointed rooms. The staff were very helpful and made the stay a pleasure. The restaurant and bar are amazing so be sure to check them out for at least 1 night of your stay -you will not be disappointed. 
6591 This Doubletree is centrally located in Midtown East. Overall the rooms were a little small and some of the bathrooms were really small. Very nice front desk staff. Good buffet breakfast each morning. 
6592 Stayed two nights, amazing deal through Hotwire- $89 a night! Free Wifi, free Starbucks coffee early morning, pleasant, professional and helpful staff, and the bed was amazingly comfortable. Convenient location. 
6593 Fantastic location just a few blocks from times square, penn plaza, etc. Nice studio room with modern furniture, full kitchen, and comfy bed. Comp. breakfast buffet was delicious- standard fare, but well done. Would def stay here again! 
6594 Large rooms. Clean. Great staff. Kitchenette. Great little neighbourhood. I would go back in a heartbeat. 
6595 This hotel is situated perfectly; only a few minutes walk from tourist attractions and Times Sqaure. The rooms were sized well and the bathroom was very modern and a good size. Advantages - Well situated, polite staff, ipads in all rooms Disadvantage - AC unit was very noisy 
6596 Nice room, ample by NYC standards, with great amenities and modern, comfortable, and very attractive furnishings. Nice midtown location. 
6597 Rooms were small but very clean and great location. Staff was extremely helpful. Hotel is good for a night or two after that might feel a little cramped. We used the room just to sleep, there is a small desk if needed. 
6598 Es un buen hotel en general pero las personas que atienden en recepcion no saben espanol en su gran mayoria y este aspecto es un incoveniente grande aunque proceden a solucionarlo llmando a otras personas que trabjan con ellos , en gneral son muy amables 
6599 We checked in late but the rooms were not ready... but they gave us free diner to apologize. Rooms were clean and comfortable. Big hotel with a human face. 
6600 stayed at the Millennium Broadway with two of my friends,,it was 100 steps to time square it was so local..5 minutes walk to Central park..the hotel was clean and the staff where friendly..would stay there again 
6601 Can't go wrong with this hotel. Location is great. Room was very large. I ate dinner at the bar and everyone was very friendly. Just stayed one night but would have loved to stay longer. 
6602 Well after reading the recent reviews I can see that is has not changed since we were ther in 2002. Mould in bathroom. Dirty rooms and staff not good so how does it stay open only thing going for is is the location, June from England 
6603 It was sparkling clean, the rooms were well appointed and very quiet. Since the building used to be the Chemists Club, it was a cute touch to use laboratory beakers as drinking glasses in the bathroom. The location was very convenient and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful 
6604 Nice lobby, nice hotel, comfy bed, great bath, very comfy in every way. The heated floor in the bath room, the big bath and separate shower were amazing as well as the view from the window. 
6605 Great place. Small rooms - but very nice. Great bed! Great location. Lots of fun pubs within walking distance. I always felt safe no matter the time of day or night. The staff was friendly and helpful. 
6606 TK was extremely helpful and provided us with some water and mixed nuts. The room was beautiful and I would definitely return. 
6607 Stayed here on a weekend. Staff was very helpful and courteous. Room was very clean. Breakfast and lunch in restaurant was good. 
6608 This hotel was great! staff so friendly from the front desk down. Willie the bellman was awesome and ran down 5th avenue to hail us a cab. Room was not big but new and clean. Excellent location for all midtown destinations. Would return again gladly. 
6609 Staff was very courteous, professional and helpful. Clean rooms and pool area. Great location close to the lake, shopping and only a few blocks to the EL. 
6610 What a great and mostly sexy hotel this is. Perfect location for a trendy visit of NY. Congierge Paul is amazing and so is the front office staff. They all made my first stay in NY special 
6611 It's attractive, personal, greatly situated, and reasonably priced. The staff were very accomodating. We really liked the lounge with 24-hour drinks and snacks. We would defininitely return. 
6612 Great location, friendly and helpful staff, rooms very clean and well equipped, the most comfortable hotel bed ever. 
6613 Location is excellent. Hotel is excellent. Everything about it is excellent. Hotel opens up to Magnificent Mile - Michigan Avenue in Chicago. Wonderful place to shop, eat and sight see Rooms are large with views of the city or the lake. Walking distance to Art Institute or Water Tower Place. 
6614 Very nice presentation but rooms are not the best, cleanliness, not so comfortable, over crowded. I asked for a double room and I got a double bunk. 
6615 myself and 3 grown up family members stayed in the hilton and found the staff from the bellboys through security and all the other staff a great source of information and were very friendly and helpful thanks gang the mad brummies room 3908 
6616 Great Hotel in a great location. Excellent breakfast service both in the bar and in the room (we had it included in the rate). Wide and warm room (standard one) and extremely clean. Kindness and helpfulness at the reception. 
6617 centralissimo:time square a 5min, empire 10min,2linee metro a 5 min, camera pulita,luminosa,arredamento moderno.fin dalla hall, con luci soffuse da ambiente intellettuale, si respira un aria particolare, coinvolgente.1 lt di acqua omaggio in camera al giorno. lo consiglio 
6618 Large room, VERY comfortable bed, nice amenities, helpful and friendly service, great location. The kitchenette was a nice bonus, and the health club had very good equipment and machines. Recommended! 
6619 We have chosen the Marriott Marquis in the past when visiting Times Square. This trip we wanted a smaller hotel and the Renaissance was just right. Spacious room, nice sized bathroom. Modern and clean. Great concierge service. We enjoyed appetizers and drinks in the R Lounge overlooking the city. Recommended. 
6620 Super people, good food, very clean rom. Best Hampton I have stayed in. Best you have a GPS to get around HOUSTON. great places to eat. Don't misa NASA. We spent six hours on tours and information films and lectures. 
6621 This is a very nice hotel. The rooms were quiet (couldn't hear elevator noise, hallway noise, street noise). It was very clean. Breakfast was always stocked well. It is a very "tight" hotel meaning compact. But that is NYC. 
6622 This hotel is by far the worst hotel i have ever stayed in. Staff is rude... Rooms and bathrooms are FILTHY. Very dirty, dusty, moldy. Would never stay again. 
6623 My stay was from Mar. 22-26 This hotel has great service with an amazing view and all this centraly located right in times square. The rooms were excellent, room service quick and kind. Very easy access to any place you might need to be. 
6624 Enjoyed my stay there, but for the money .. I'll look elsewhere next time. Room had no view and was cramped. But everything was clean and the ambiance was excellent. Great staff and lots of little touches. In all, glad I stayed there. 
6625 Recommend this hotel. A little pricey but worth it! Found terrific places to eat, easy walking neighborhood , subway nearby and the added benifit of being Located right where Lexington ends at the private Gramercy Park. 
6626 Very clean hotel, friendly & efficient staff. The hotel is close to everything. The free breakfast was limited but it hit the spot. The room was very clean & modern. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone needing to stay in midtown. 
6627 It was terrible! Soundproofing disgusting! We have to wait very long for the elevator! In the evening all the bars and restaurants are busy people who came to the party! Guests have no place! 
6628 Service is quick. View is great on high level but room is very small. Would stay in their corner room again. 
6629 The hotel facility is good, breakfast was good. It is near to the metro. Most importantly, the staff were helpful. My friends and I enjoyed the stay there very much. 
6630 We enjoyed our stay very much. They always have their guests in mind and found the concierge very helpful. 
6631 What a gem! Let's keep it a secret, okay? Very clean, nice clientele & staff. 
6632 The Drake is a great place from which to base your visit to Chicagoland. Shopping, the Hancock Tower and Rush Street are all within walking distance from the hotel. The Drake is historic and the interior simply can't be duplicated elsewhere. Service and food are excellent. 
6633 They call themselves the "Traveler's alternative to New York's overpriced, undersized hotel rooms," which is exactly what it is: overpriced and undersized, PLUS super noisy, dirty, and unfriendly. an absolute NO GO! never again ... it was so bad, we were happy to leave New York. 
6634 Stayed in a suite here about 2 weeks ago and loved the place. Great location with a nice view of Lake Michigan. The suite was probably the nicest I've ever stayed in with attention given to every detail. Nice place to get spoiled. 
6635 This hotel can't be beat for the price. Clean, comfortable beds, more room than most upper west side hotels. Friendly and very accomodating staff. We did share a bathroom and it wasn't as bad as I was expecting. 
6636 Older hotel but less expensive than most and gets you to the part of Chicago you want to be in. 
6637 Well situated,in front of Empire State Building. Very good reception,concierge and house-keeping service. Breakfast sets you up for the day. Can recommend with confidence...having previously been spoilt by staying at more expensive luxury hotels like The Plaza and The Mark. 
6638 Stayed at this awesome hotel conveniently located just off Times Square. Hotel was comfortable and clean. The air conditioner was a very much appreciated and the continental breakfast was an added bonus. Would recommend this hotel 
6639 If your travels call for Theatre, there is no better place to stay than the Chatwal. Amazing friendly and spot on service, the rooms are extremely modern. Truly a home away from home. 
6640 - Massenabfertigung - Tick-Tock Diner praktisch, aber Essen ist nicht besonders - Wir hatten eine Suite gebucht, mit richtigem Esstisch, aber so etwas gibt es dort offenbar nur auf Fotos. Wir hatten uns vorher telefonisch versichert, aber als wir ankamen wurde uns mitgeteilt solche Zimmer gibt es dort nicht. 
6641 I have so many choices of hotels to stay in when in Houston. After meeting Roshan and his staff, this is the hotel me. Superior service, clean throughout the property, great breakfast room & priced right. The place to stay. 
6642 I loved staying at this hotel. The staff is amazing and the location is so close to Reliant Stadium, The Medical Center, Rice Village, and Rice University! Erica, Andy, and Walker were all very helpful in all requests that we had! 
6643 Beautiful hotel. Kept very clean. Employees were very nice. Great location. Decor was up to date. You get what you pay for. 
6644 Did'nt expect much for the price but very impressed. Located in Upper West side just off Broadway - very easy to catch the Subway - generally nice and quite area with great food. 
6645 Une nouvelle fois ravie de cet hotel , le personnel plein d'attention, petit dejeuner tres copieux. J'y retourne le plus vite possible 
6646 I stayed at Paramount Hotel in NY in Feb 2010. Location is just perfect for business and leasure travellers as its right there in Manhattan near Central Park. Wonderful place, clean, best service. Visiting again in August 2010. 
6647 Beautiful hotel in a great location. The hotel has the history and finesse for New York City. Guest rooms are small, which is to be expected in such a large city. The carpet is very worn would be the only downside. The bathroom was beautiful. Sunday brunch is $95/person. 
6648 If you go to New York don't book with YourStay. They are not the owner of the place..... When I arrive there I did't find no room and no apartment. Don't Stay with YourStay. If you want check in google for more review. 
6649 The St. Regis, Houston, TX is very well located in the Galleria area of the City. A great hotel for business or pleasure, it has a very service oriented staff (Vicky Bellinghausen is always especially helpfull) that is always quick w/ a smile. 
6650 I stayed with my grandson as a graduation present. Less than one block from Times Square. Breakfast was very good and reception VERY helpful. Do not hesitate. 
6651 Muy buena ubicacion. Tarifas baratas en relacion a donde esta ubicado. Servicio normal. 
6652 Mohammed Khalil, Doorman, is very friendly and very helpful. 
6653 This hotel is in a good position. The room was large with a kitchen and fridge. All staff were accommodating and polite. Everything was excellent with The Benjamin. 
6654 We had a very pleasant stay at the Park 79 hotel. Location is excellent. Staff very friendly. Only downside is the bathroom: it is really small. 
6655 A great business oriented hotel. A very good location in downtonwn Chicago. Tip: The official address is North Michigan Avenue, but the real main entrance is in the back street. Free Internet only at the lobby. Otherwise, a $ 14.95 fee applies. 
6656 hotel molto carino tranquillo vicino a times square,camere confortevoli personale gentile .tornerei qui sicuramente. 
6657 Stayed here for 3 nights and loved it! Hotel is clean, in a great location, and great value for money for its location! The rooms were spacious and we had two double beds! Breakfast was busy but food was good. 
6658 This hotel was in the heart of times square. The rooms were lovely and always clean and the staff were very helpful. I will be back very soon i hope. 
6659 Pretty Much easy to get in, very close to all the great events and places such as Central Park, Metropolitan Museums, 5th Avenue and of course Times Square. Very impressive service at concierge and restroom service. 
6660 I have to say this doubletree is the best in town. The front desk was always smiling. I love the lobby, it is very private, and sexy. I will visit every time I am in town. 
6661 Posizione ottima per potersi muovere a piedi. La nostra stanza devo dire che era piccolina come vedrete dalle foto, ma confortevole. Erogatori d'acqua sul piano, gratis. Personale ok. Posso solo dire che lo consiglio vivamente. Buona Vacanza! 
6662 Located in an up-and-coming neighborhood, the hotel is a quick cab, bus, or train ride to downtown. You cannot find a better price anywhere else...and the staff was great! Although hotel rooms were a bit sparse, they were very clean. 
6663 Good value, good location, relatively quiet. Workout room was excellent. Check in/out was efficient though staff seemed indifferent. About 20 min walk to midst of Miracle Mile. Had trouble getting service at the coffee shop on two occasions, and damage to fire suppression sprinkler in our room 1214 was unsettling. 
6664 Een uitstekend hotel met goede, redelijk grote, nette en schone kamers. Redelijk geprijsd. Alleen je moet wel van enorme toeristenfabrieken houden - het is een gigantische onpersoonlijke torenflat. En de drank en eten zijn aan de prijzige kant. Lekker verbleven maar we komen niet terug. 
6665 I personally feel that Ramada Inn is one of the hotels with reasonable room traiffs offering standard quality of food, rooms, services. Especially, we enjoyed the quality and quantity of complimentary breakfast that is been offered. Room service was good 
6666 Just got back after 5 days at the Sofitel.. Excellent hotel in superb location for seeing the sights of NY. Staff courteous and friendly. Room spaceous and clean. Compares well with other Sofitels that we have stayed at in Egypt and Portugal. Would recommend the Hotel on location alone. Enjoy. 
6667 Everyone provided us with exceptional service and even provided us with an upgrade for our anniversary - completely unexpected!! I'm looking forward to coming back in the near future! 
6668 I travel all over for business, this is one of the worse hotels I have stayed in. 
6669 Nice hotel downtown Manhattan, definitely not close to times square, central park. however, you get to see all the nice New York Style restaurants. Good service, good value for quality... great food. 
6670 This hotel is in the heart of Times Squre / Theater District. Rooms are average size for NYC, which means small. At $355 per night it was a bit pricy, but other hotels were $600 per nite. 
6671 Clean, courteous service at check in, bed and room outstanding Free Wifi No bed bugs 
6672 Posizione ottima, bella la piscina, wifi gratuito,(un po' lento e instabile), dotato di ristorante e fitness center. Pulito, camera spaziosa, da migliorare il servizio di pulizia al piano, nonostante il cartello "do not disturb" bussavano ugualmente. 
6673 Nice clean hotel, friendly staff. All amenities you need for city hotel. Central location, close to park, station, L, Sears tower. Good value for money 
6674 We did a boys trip to Chicago for the weekend..we were very impressed with W City Centre. Have stayed @ W Lakeshore before but wanted to mix it up. Concierge service was outstanding as well as MDX shuttle. Very highly recommended, 
6675 Fitzpatrick's Grand Central is in a great location. Central to everything in NYC. Staff are professional and friendly. Rooms are tastefully decorated. Always enjoy my visits to Fitzpatrick's. 
6676 Clean, comfy beds, friendly staff, efficient. Amenities as promised, good (busy!) breakfast, great location. Good choice for Manhattan. 
6677 Wonderful staff, beautiful location, stunning views. This hotel might be a bit on the pricey side for some, but it's well worth every penny. The hotel is just absolutely gorgeous. Very friendly staff to help guide you during your stay. 
6678 This hotel is in a great location to walk to the sights in Chicago. It has a car park that has in and out access for $45 a day. The services was great, the beds comfortable and the internet is free. I will come back. 
6679 The Gansevoorts are always a perfect destination for people gawking. Been to the Gansevoort Park bar - and really enjoyed it. Lovely cocktails, a nice crowd to look at and vibrant tunes. Overall a good hang-out in midtown after work and dinner. 
6680 Kind staff. Perfect location (at least for my interests...). Tiny room, but very comfortable. Would definitively stay there again! 
6681 A very good place to stay, lovely staff...sorry the wifi is not free but great place...lovely rooms bigggg , very nice, stafff 
6682 Best service and location. Gina helped me out big time. Forgot a shirt for the next day and she got the manager to help me out. Will stay here every time I come to NYC. 
6683 A very good small inexpensive hotel, near everything and with easy access to the subway. 
6684 Overall not bad-- but not great either. I booked a good rate (I know, you get what you pay for...) Bathrooms had no ventilation whatsoever, wallpaper was peeling and the entire bathroom stunk of mildew. I went to CVS and bought a can of Lysol which helped somewhat. 
6685 We had a great time, no problems at all. we even order room service at 1am and it was great. good location, very clean and big room. will be back if I get a better price................ 
6686 With all the busy New York City, this hotel is reachable to Empire State Building which is only one block to Empire State Building,5th Av,Broadway ,Time Square,Madisson Square Garden, Macy's, Penn Station, Cross to Ellis Island by t 
6687 Nice comfortable rooms, great quiet location, close to Galleria (5 minute drive with complimentary car transfer). 
6688 The best way to get ready for work is with your own music playing. Well these rooms have ipod plug ins. I loved this room. I also loved the free coffee on each floor. 
6689 Great location, it is close to every important places in Chicago and rooms are clean. This hotel has wonderful staff and it has almost everything a business traveler could need. Very good experience. Bottom: Rooms are extremely small. 
6690 The hotel offers a continental breakfast and wi-fi complimentary. We had a nice room. Hotel is great for theater, MoMA, Rockefeller Center. Close to subway lines. Rooftop bar was nice and you could see the lights of Time Square. 
6691 Just a perfect place well situated in the Upper West Side. Good location... close to Central Park, Restaurants, Museums and transportation. Immaculately clean, pleasant staff, comfortable bed. Rooms are not huge but are certainly ample. Reminds me of hotels in Europe. This is my new 'go to' place!!! 
6692 The AC didnt have enough omph to keep the room cool despite the day time temperature only going up to high 70's. Parking coupon was great. Great location to theaters.... 
6693 Friendly staff and courteous service. The room was a little small but clean. Internet speedy and free. 24 hour free coffee in the lobby along with internet access on a wide screen. Mainly at the intersection of almost everything. 
6694 Buon hotel situato in posizione strategica,buono il comfort delle camere e la pulizia. Certo per quello che costa potrebbero dare il collegamento internet gratuito e qualche canale estero di televisione(tipo rai international). Nel complesso confortevole e comodo e ben servito dai mezzi pubblici 
6695 Good quiet location, very close to Central Park, Subway access & Carnegie Hall. Easy walk to Times Square and shopping on 5th avenue. Many food & facilities nearby. Room basic, I miss having a fridge to keep milk & water cold, but otherwise acceptable. 
6696 A perfect location in Manhattan, close to the subway lines, shopping. Beautiful room, will definately stay again. 
6697 Stayed there for one night ($120 through Priceline). Truly enjoyed my stay. All worked as should. I would gladly stay there again. Also, very much enjoyed the dinner at Django (Restaurant/Bar) which is close by (480 Lexington Ave). 
6698 Brilliant welcome, fab service, great breakfast, roomwas spacious with fantastic facilities including kitchen with fridge and dishwasher! Will stay again soon. 
6699 A thoughtful and stylish hotel. It provides all the services you need for either a business or personal trip. 
6700 Inside and out. Thin walls, doors and windows. Sounds like there was a busy fire station next door on one side an a transfer station on the other. Awful night's sleep. Doors slam loudly by default and there were many late night guests on my hallway 
6701 the Hotel is close to the Subway station. Very clean rooms and lobby. A little tight, but hey it's New York. I had a great time and the beds are awesome. I highly recommend it. 
6702 My first trip in NYC; I went for the Macy's Parade.Great hotel location, very friendly staff, and awesome free hot breakfast! Room wasn't huge, but hey, it's New York! Not far from Macy's, Time's Square, and the Subway. 
6703 We stayed here for a wedding weekend. Rooms were large comfortable and spacious. Our's overlooked the river which was fun. Our family came from all over the country and enjoyed the accommodations. No problems 
6704 Great location in Mid Town. Remodeled and very modern. It was a roof top deck when the weather is nice (not the day I was there). I would stay there again. 
6705 Very comfortable room with a great view of Times Square. The location is perfect for going to shows and getting to the subway 
6706 The iron in the room stained my wife's blazer, but they had it dry cleaned free of charge. Overall a great stay! 
6707 this was my 4th time in park Central hotel. Any visit to NY makes me choose this hotel. Conveniently located and personalized service. Even Ms.Drita was very helpful and went out of the way and got things done immediately. 
6708 Service the way it should be... Seen and not heard. No problems with guest rooms or restaurant (Astor Court) of any kind. 
6709 I was in houston, tx for a conference and I got this hotel through Priceline. The price was just right and the location was convenient. The staff was really friendly and welcoming. For sure this will be my choice for next time. 
6710 Priceline secured us a very good rate at this wonderful hotel. The lobby and room were beautiful. Loved the area and the staff. I would stay here again even without Priceline. 
6711 Went here last summer and had a brilliant time ! Room was lovely and very spacious considering we were right in the centre ! Location was amazing, you literally stepped out from times square and most tourist attractions were within walking distance ! would definitely go again. 
6712 looks are deceiving.downstairs room ......... bedbugs. i woke with all my body like i had severe chicken pox. we changed rooms, no bed bugs but smell of pee in the tile floor in the room upstairs, but very dirty feet, don't go without shoes. 
6713 My husband and I stayed for a long weekend to celebrate our 18th anniversary. We found the room to be great and the friendliest staff in the city! Great value and perfect location. I wouldnt want to stay anywhere else. 
6714 Stayed here for my 40th in 2008. Great location- opposite a starbucks! Walking distance to times sq. and the shops. Room small but that seems the norm in NYC. I would stay again. 
6715 El hotel esta viejo si, pero correcto. En pleno time square, las camas comodas, calidad precio perfecto, me volveria alojar en el sin pensarlo. Saludos 
6716 Our first time in this hotel and it was a great election. Location is perfect and the hotel itself was really nice, well decorated, clean and also had a very helpful staff. I definitely would stay again at this hotel!! 
6717 My husband and I stay at New York Palace each time we are in New York..Maybe few times a year..We love this hotel, never had any bad experiences.. Stuff is friendly and helpful. Rooms are good size, nice towels and sheets..Excelent views..Comfortable beds.. 
6718 While the hotel has a great location. It was quite dingy. Pillows were 1.5 inches thick and room was less than clean. Ceiling was peeling and bed coverings were very dated. Check in was less than pleasant, considering we were paying full rate. Parking was reasonable. 
6719 The location was perfect. Rooms were average. Bit small and old. The bed was very small for 2 persons and much too soft. Breakfast was okay. So on the average, it was a good price for what we've got. 
6720 Staff was very welcoming and professional. Room was nice (small, but we don't spend too much time in the room anyway). Bed/bedding very comfortable. 
6721 Said burgers can be found at the Burger Shack, the old school burger joint located next to the front desk. Worth every penny. Not that you have spend that many pennies to enjoy one of the best burgers in NYC. 
6722 Really enjoyed our stay, this is a fantastic value. Great location and the staff is incredible, we will be coming back! 
6723 long line to get checked in. great desk service, good room, easy return to the airport for our flight the next morning. restaurant was pricey, food was ok, but just what we needed after a long day in airports. 
6724 Der Eingang war wegen der Bauarbeiten am Ground Zero von der Church St. in die Fulton St. verlegt. Die Aussicht vom 50. Stock in Richtung Hudson River war fantastisch. Sehr freundliches Personal, extrem saubere Zimmer. 
6725 This was at least our 4th stay. We live in Ks. this time on the web site it said there was a continental breakfast. There was not. That is false advertizing, which was disappointing.. But as you can see, I still rated it a very good hotel. 
6726 best location with a nice hotel. i love new york at this time of the year and we were happy that we stayed at this hotel 
6727 rooms could be a bit more clean but it was ok 
6728 we loved the view from our room window 
6729 I recently stayed at The Time on a business trip and wound up feling more like I was on vacation. The service was excellent, the rooms comfortably modern and the bar rocked. I have found my new home away from home. 
6730 I felt safe, The hotel was very close to conference centre (easy walking distance), I appreciated the filtered water, It was a very fair room rate especially during Ryder Cup week. Some staff knew more than others about tour options. 
6731 Large, comfortable room; excellent service; free internet; east side midtown location 
6732 This was a very nice place to stay the staff was very helpful and friendly. The room was clean and comfortable. The hotel is very close to airport. 
6733 hotel bien situe rue agreable malgre un ronflement du aune installation exterieure a l hotel (variable suivant la situation de la chambre)hotel refait a neuf salle de bain exigue mais fonctionnelle et propre chambre un peu petite mais impeccable dommage que le petit dejeuner ne soit pas propose 
6734 We all know one pays too much for too litle when it comes to lodging at NYC. But this hotel was ridiculous! Over priced, Awkwardly decrepit. Asked to change room. Both looked alike!!! If you want to stay in a dump pay for one! 
6735 This is a great place to stay if you are visiting the NY parole office or nudie bar next door. The street is full of garbage and lowlifes. Please don't let this be your view of NYC NYC is a great place this is a dump. 
6736 If you want to treat yourself in NYC, try this or its sister hotel. Great location, cool decor and certainly on the agenda of the beautiful people. Pricey, but hey, this is New York and I've certainly paid a great deal more for a great deal less. 
6737 This hotel was pretty good. staff were pleasant and very helpful. The rooms where pretty nice and its located right by madison square gardens. I enjoyed my stay here but three blocks aways is a holiday inn express that usually cheaper and the quality is the exact same. 
6738 A great hotel in a great location. Customer service is superb, the bag drop very handy. Ellen at the front desk rocks! Well situated for Central Park, Times Square, Broadway, etc. walk through the park, or down to Empire State. 24 hours wasn't enough 
6739 I enjoyed my stay in this hotel. Very convenient as the location is close to my NYC offices. The breakfast is particularly exceptionnal (I recommend the chestnut pancake. 
6740 W0W-this is fantastic place close to Times Square-they provide breakfast and happy hour drinks!!!make use of happy hour as the prices in Times Sq are exhorbitant! Will stay there again! Great Value! Location in a very Gentrified Location! 
6741 HOTEL DE BONNE QUALITE MAIS, CONTRAIREMENT A NOTRE COMMANDE ,PAS DE KITCHENETTE DANS LA SUITE NI INTERNET. A L'ACCUEIL ON NOUS INDIQUE SIMPLEMENT QU'IL FAUT PAYER 13 DOLLARS PAR JOUR. SINON TOUT TRES BIEN HORMIS TRES PEU DE SAVONS ET DES SHAMPOOINGS, POUR 5 PERSONNES DANS LA SALLE DE BAIN. 
6742 Great central location, walked everywhere. Slept through the hurricane. Small room but good bed. The staff are good natured and kept us entertained during the hurricane scare. 
6743 Great customer service and I was very surprised to see extra towels and refrigerator delivered within a few minutes. They were really on the ball. 
6744 We were pleasantly surprised at this gem of a hotel in NYC. It is quiet, upscale and rooms are very large and tastefully furnished. There was ample room to work and relax and it's close to restaurants, theatre district and transportation. 
6745 Very clean, well equipped rooms, friendly staff, great breakfast. Good location. Elevators slow at peak times. 
6746 viaje en junio 2010, junto a mi marido. El hotel es impecables, nuevo. Esta bien ubicada, para poder recorrer los principales puntos de nueva york, en un barrio tranquilo. La atencion es de primera, el check in y check out rapidos, y con detalles de cuidado de los huespedes. 
6747 this was a nice hotel & the staff is fabulousquiet affordable for nyc! we were kinda of a large group in town for a wedding & the staff were very accomidating 
6748 Great place to stay for a Christmas visit to New York! Clean, comfortable and easy access to transportation and shopping. 
6749 l" hotel non e' male ma il problema e' che l' internet ,che e' gratis , e' molto molto lento e questo mi ha creato molti problemi ; solo per questo non credo che faro' ritorno in questa struttura.Ottima location , vicino alle metropolitane 
6750 Nothing fancy about the hotel & for the money given that it is NY, it is OK. + side: huge bed, adequate bathroom, good location (can walk to grand central) - side: slow lift, expensive internet, no views 
6751 Het hotel is op elk gebied een aanrader. Een prachtige ligging bij het Central Park en op loopafstand van de metro. Het onthaal is zeer correct en professioneel. De kamers zijn klein maar voorzien van alle luxe en mooie inrichting. 
6752 my three day stay was great, but was even better when regina at the front desk went the extra mile to help me with my boarding pass. thanks again 
6753 From start to finish just friendly and helpful..to the front desk people to the shuttle driver...I will always stay here when I need to be close to the airport.the free breakfast was even better than expected.. 
6754 Wanted somewhere central for easier sightseeing. We were not disappointed. Room was clean, staff friendly. Cookies in the afternoon in the lobby. I have nothing negative so say about our stay or this hotel. 
6755 Evelyn was amazing and very helpful with all my questions and concerns. I would visit this hotel just because of her service alone. The whole experience was awesome and would come back next time I stay in Chicago area. 
6756 Great hotel right in the heart of Time Square! You have everything so close! And the decoration, the ambiance everything was just perfect for me! At the bar they have a very nice cocktail menu which I tried and was more than pleased !! Try it! 
6757 Subway right out the door, so you can get just about anywhere! Good service, quiet, printer at the front desk for your plane tickets! We had a great view of the financial centers and the Hudson river. I would stay here again. 
6758 Very comfortable room and the beds were heavenly. Great views of the city. Did not care for the metal sinks in the bathroom. 
6759 Not the poshest hotel in the world but great value for money! Helpful, polite staff. Ideally situated for the major sites of New York. Spotlessly clean spacious rooms. Great deli next door! 
6760 Used hotel tonite and paid $120 for a sunday. Exceptional value for price. 
6761 Room was very small. Decent price for location. Ammenities were ok. Staff acknowledged us. 
6762 Habitaciones amplias, limpias y modernas. El servicio muy atento y amable. 
6763 Excellent location, clean and nice room. Staff is helpful and pleasant. Wifi weak but helpful. Room was small but enough for a three day trip. Average price for New York. Good breakfast. I will recommend this hotel to friends, and I would return for the same price. 
6764 Fantastic staff ! I particularly felt pampered by Anthony, the front desk manager. My entire family was there for the weekend of 06/22/2012. Very sensitive to customer need. 
6765 DO NOT COME HERE!!! It was nasty, horrible and staff was VERY VERY VERY RUDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I would not cme back even if it was free! Horrible experience!! 
6766 Don't even think about it! I checked in and had to check out. It was so bad, I couldn't even stay there! The place is filthy, falling apart, and disgusting! 
6767 The economy was not worth the discomfort. I complained about the bed bugs and they switched my room: I got several more bites before I checked out. No consideration/refund was offered. 
6768 i had an amazing stay at hilton times square last march ...good customer service ,especially the front desk agent,george tacolod he really helped us a lot during our stay ,with the restaurant,shopping and tourist attraction recommendations.... 
6769 Visited The Muse on Memorial Day weekend. The staff was very pleasant & helpful. The hotel was clean, very modern, quiet, and well located to Broadway, restaurants etc... Nice room (new) with good size modern bathroom, bed was very comfy. I plan on staying there again & recommend it. 
6770 Right next to the Sears (Willis) Tower and we walked right to it along with great restaurants nearby as well. Our concierge was very nice and told us of all the hot spots of interest. 
6771 I've stayed here several times and have always been happy. Nice little hotel in a great location. Near Times Square, but not smack dab in all the craziness. Located between 8th and 9th Ave. on 48th Street (perfect). 
6772 Just perfect hotel if you're on a business trip or in just for a long weekend of shopping and enjoying The City. Got a great summer deal, otherwise it's a bit pricy. Room on 2nd floor was pure greatness and bed was amazing! Friendly service at every level. 
6773 Got a free upgrade from king to king suite because we were priority club members. Great free breakfast. Was a little disappointed when clerk at front desk gave us the wrong directions from the internet to a local hot spot (Dave & Buster's). 
6774 We overpaid for our 3 night stay in this 3 star hotel. The cashier said it was because the UN was sitting but no one from the UN goes 3 star! $529.00/night was scandelous. Book last minute!!!! 
6775 This hotel was terrific and the views were outstanding. The staff was very friendly. They make you feel like you are a very special guest. This was my first stay at this hotel and I will be back. 
6776 Great room, what you would think of as a Marriott Hotel. We booked a view of Times Square, really great. Expensive though. .... Be aware you have to wait a long time for the elevator as the hotel is so huge. 
6777 I was staying at this hotel during a business meeting. The concierge made all 5 star dinner arrangements, had the theatre tickets, referred me to the best bars and got a spectacular 5 star Limousine provided by CSL Transportation. [--] 
6778 We mastered the subways in 1day which meant we come home to the beacon and it was peaceful staff very friendly clean perfect hotel what a great first experience in new york i will be back to NYC soon and will use same hotel again 
6779 Hotel in a great area !! The price was great and the room was perfect. 
6780 This is a beautiful hotel in downtown Chicago. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We had a business class room that included internet access and two bathrooms, which made the stay all the more comfortable. The room didn't have a coffee maker, though. Note: parking is very expensive ($45/day). 
6781 My wife and I stayed at the Barclay for the second night of our valentine's weekend trip to NYC. The location is excellent near the theater district, St. Patricks, Rockefeller Center, and Times Square. The service was above average and the room was nice, although a bit small. 
6782 Have stayed here a few times. Can't beat the price and location. Free parking a bonus! One of the few hotels in the city with a pool. Would stay here anytime 
6783 Great hotel great food great location. Breakfast a bit expensive but good quality 
6784 The location is great. Staff friendly and helpful. Continental breakfast good (makes life a little easier!) The hotel is a boutique hotel - our room was small, but the bathroom was a good size. Our suitcases were literally between the bed and the wall. Other than that, all was good. 
6785 nice size of room and bed, nice breakfast. very good location, next to subway station and Times square. 
6786 excelente ubicacion y por el precio no hay que quejarse 
6787 Great location. Polite and helpful staff. Very spacious room, nice comfy bed. I would highly recommend this hotel and plan to stay again when I next visit NYC. 
6788 We really enjoyed our 3-night stay at the Gansevoort Park Avenue. Modern decor, nice location, great service, clean rooms, large bathrooms, very comfortable beds, stocked mini fridge, beautiful outdoor pool on the top level. We would definitely recommend to friends and family and will return if the opportunity presents. 
6789 We recently stayed at the Parker Meridien after having not stayed there since it became part of the Westin chain. The hotel has really been upgraded and the accomodations were excellent, much better than when it was an independent hotel. We would heartily recommend this hotel. 
6790 The Blake is in downtown chicago and a short walk to the Lakefront and an even shorter walk to a lot of really nice restaurants. Very comfortable room and excellent service. I'd stay there again, for sure. 
6791 So the location is first class, service and friendliness is first class, rooms cleaned every 2nd day... generous with towels when I asked.. sheets clean... The place is seriously in need of upgradeing, but would come again for the good things it offers!!! 
6792 The best hotel I've stayed at. Astonishing views, magnificent decor... truly amazing! 
6793 High end hotel in a great location for seeing the city. New, comfortable rooms and great staff. We were on vacation with two teenagers and all of us thought this was a great hotel. We would definitely stay there again. 
6794 The hotel was wonderful, as expected. But the great staff was the best part--Mario at check-in, Graciela at the phones and Patrick at the concierge desk were all exceptional. 
6795 I found this hotel to be great find. It has a great location with just a few subway stops away from Times Square and the Village and right in the heart of Chelsea. The room was clean and the staff was very professional. 
6796 The rooms were clean and large for Times square. Our view was a sweeping view if Times square and was gorgeous at night. The front desk was a bit slow but overall service was good. I would definitely stay here again. 
6797 Great location with very helpful concierge(s). My only complaint is they nickel and dime you to death(internet, gym - pool is free, ect). They are charging InterContinental rates already. The family had a great time at Chicago Art Institute, Fields Museum and shopping. Fabulous eating within walking distance. 
6798 Excellant location, too bad construction work woke us up very early on our holiday. Night desk clerk wasn't very friendly or observant. Didn't look up when we walked in late at night or greet us. Anyoen could walk in there, didn't think that was too safe. Room was clean. 
6799 The room was comfortable and accommodating in spite of its small size. Every inch of the room, as well as other areas of the hotel, was maximized. The interior design was pleasing. I would stay here again, given the chance. 
6800 Ben zeer regelmatig in NY. Dit hotel is ontzettend aangenaam en ben erg goed geholpen. Er zullen altijd betere hotels zijn, maar je zult het hier goed naar je zin hebben. Schone en relatief grote kamer, flatscreen tv en voor toeristen een top locatie. Veel plezier. 
6801 Room was basic but very spacious and clean, we had no issues with the elevators and staff were friendly. Very close to subway, Times Square, Rockefeller Centre. We would definitely stay again given the price (travelocity) 
6802 Our visit here started very well. They upgraded our 2 double beds bedroom to a family suite( 2 rooms, 3 beds). The staff was very polite and they were always ready to help. The hotel is very well located. We'll come again anytime. 
6803 Good hotel with approximate to all the tourist locations. Good rooms and great layout. Heart of broadway and times square and phenomenal view from windows 
6804 Location is good, pretty near to the subway station. Price is cool in NY, I will go there again if I travel alone to NY. 
6805 The Iroquois is located a short walk from Time Square. Great location, tucked in a narrow street. Great for getting everywhere. Rooms, public areas good as is the service. Different to the large impersonal hotel chains. I'd go again. 
6806 Just spent two nights, good location at a good price. Our room was very comfortable and quiet something to appreciate in the city, and even a local view and light. 
6807 The hotel is nice and clean and the location is great. However: 1. Internet in the room costs $10/day. For a $220 room charge one would expect free wireless. 2. No breakfast room - just an adjacent bagel store with bad coffee. 
6808 Best In Town! Best price! Best rooftop! Best service! Best beds in NYC!! 
6809 Just got back from a 3 night stay in the pod and can only say it was excelent. We booked the Queen Pod room. It was very clean and had a nice (little) bathroom. Staff was friendly. Next time the Pod Again !!! Derk en Nadja (Holland) 
6810 Die Lage des Hotels im Theaterbezirk ist fantastisch. Personal, Esssen, Zimmer, etc. - einfach alles hat gepasst. 
6811 Loved the Hudson bar and the roof terrace. Both super cool. And the location is great too. However, the rooms are ridiculously small, even though we got upgraded to a bigger room on arrival (I'd hate to see the original room !) 
6812 Everything was great We checked out early due to the storm very cooperative The pillows were not very good quality The breakfast area needs to be bigger it was a zoo every day elevators very slow Overall it was a good experience 
6813 It was suggested from a friend, it was perfect and I suggest for business stay (as mine) and for leisure as well! Enjoy it! Lovely the essentials oils in the shower: going up an going down! 
6814 This place was a nice, Great location and very spacious, we would most definitely stay here again. 
6815 I stayed at this hotel in downtown Manhattan and was pleasantly surprised. The rate was good and the room was bigger that usual for a NY hotel. The rate I had include a free drink at the bar which was a nice touch at the end of long travel day. 
6816 Loved the modern design and clean rooms. Friendly staff all around. This location would be great with an outdoor pool, free parking, and in room coffee that wasn't as weak as tea. Comfortable sleep, great rates. We recommend and would stay again. 
6817 Everything was good about my recent stay here! The only thing I would change might have been the size of my room. It was a bit compact..... Friendly staff, clean halls and room, great location, good price, I would stay here again. 
6818 fantastic location at times square, superb size room with air conditioning. good view over the city. 
6819 Hotel in posizione buona (circa 300mt da fermata subway) vicino a Broadway ma non troppo rumorosa A pochi isolati da central park. Zona tranquilla e sicura Rete wireless free a disposizione Colazione a buffet inclusa. 
6820 It's not THE HOTEL but it's very nice to stay in Hotel 31. We visited NYC this november and it was just great. The room is a little small but nice. Robert on the lobby was very helpfull. We will return! 
6821 My friends and I loved this hotel. It was in the perfect location, the staff were great, especially the guys at the door. They were friendly and very helpful. The beds were VERY comfortable. I would reccomend this hotel, and I would stay there again... 
6822 Great location. Good size rooms with all the vitals. Nice exercise equipment. 
6823 Perfect location, close to shopping, restaurants, downtown, attractions, and freeways. The staff was very helpful, friendly, efficient, and kind. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. Having a kitchen for entertaining was a plus. 
6824 Great location. We took subway which is right around the block everywhere. First trip to NYC & it was a blast. Hotel is just like any other westin. Great service, comfy beds & of course super pricey! But you're paying to be in time square after all. 
6825 Great location; close to subway, Rock Plaza, Times Square, Central Park; friendly and courteous staff. Hotel lobby has been updated but rooms and linens could use some sprucing. No free wifi in room but available in lobby. 
6826 I posted a review that I was unhappy that the hotel would not issue a refund for an unused night. I received a very fast response from the general manager. To make a long story short, a refund has been authorized and I am now a satisfied customer. Thank you. 
6827 Great for business stay, right downtown, no fuss, clean, good price. 
6828 De ligging is prachtig, het gebouw ook. Maar de kamers zijn rampzalig. Zeer vuil, verf die van de muren schilfert, muffe geur in de gangen. Soms moet er lang aangeschoven worden aan de incheck balie. Het hotel word wel gerenoveerd beginnend met de bovenste verdieping. 
6829 Just a wonderfully comfortable and sophisticated hotel. Staff is very pleasant, competent and professional. Business or pleasure, I always enjoy it. 
6830 l'ingresso e la hall meravigliose rispecchiano il lusso che trovi anche nelle camere,grandi e pulite!sembrava di essere in un film!!non a caso ci ahnno girato anche "natale a new york"di De Sica!posizione buona per muoversi a piedi e vicina alla metro!!di meglio non si potrebbe chiedere! 
6831 I stayed there on the weekly rate,so had to leave 100 deposit.when i checked out they said the deposit was added to the rent.The service at the front desk was bad (no one ever there).And forget about the wifi,it doesnt work.Dont wast your money! 
6832 The hotels delivers what you would expect from a Marriott in a major metro area. This hotel exceeded expections by having a great location and a hip lobby. The rooms were standard fare. 
6833 Comfy beds, friendly staff, well appointed rooms...what more could you ask for? Room service even went out of their way to get me something that wasn't on the menu! The building may have been around a while, but everything inside looks fresh....crisp linens, updated decor. Will be back! 
6834 The hotel staff was always visible and helpful. The room size was unheard of for a midtown NYC hotel room. The location was incredible!!! We did have to wait awhile to check in as our flight had us to the hotel by 11 am. 
6835 nice and the friendly staff.....comfortable and air conditioned rooms 
6836 Une chambre pour dormir, prevoir des boules quies si votre sommeil est lege. 3 salles de bains par etage...une de plus ne serait pas du luxe. le Wifi ne fonctionne pas au 7eme etage. Correct sans plus. 
6837 Simply the best hotel in NYC with the best staff and the best rooms. can not fault at all!!!!! 
6838 Excellent hotel, excellent location, but very cold for those who look for a warm mood, specially in soho. Exactly the opposite of a BB. Normal, 4 stars, but just to share. For 100 euros less, we did prefer really the Washington Square Hotel in the village. 
6839 Great reception but over priced, over rated and getting a decent sleep on those terrible beds was impossible; ended up sleeping on the sofa's. 
6840 This is not a chain hotel or upscale place, but the location and size of the rooms makes it worth it. It was older but clean. Great choice 
6841 I stayed here 3 nights for a festival I was attending. Very close to all that is happening in Times Square. My corner room had a fabulous view over the city and the Hudson River. Would definitely stay here again! 
6842 Everything great except the lifts too slow and too busy , in addition one of them out of order at a peak period 
6843 Prima verblijf. Leuk hotel. Jong publiek. Kamers zijn wel ECHT klein, maar dat is nu eenmaal voor die prijs op zo'n centrale plek. Bed was ook iets korter en smaller dan gebruikelijk, dus geen aanrader voor lange mensen. 
6844 The London is the best kept secret in NYC. Fair price, nice "all suites" rooms. Professional staff; great continental breakfast; and wonderful location. Walking distance to great shopping on Fifth Avenue --- running distance from the weirdos in Times Square! 
6845 I stay at the Crowne Plaza Houston Brookhollow regularly for business trips. Each time I walk in the door, I am greeted like I'm an old friend. Everyone and especially Heary Strait is very helpful and efficient. My rooms have always been spotless. Great Hotel. 
6846 Superb hotel in superb location. Need some refreshing. Its in a mid Manhattan life with everything within walking distance. 
6847 Seemds like a new hotel. Very busy. Staff is very attentive. I paid $99 for a room. High speed worked well. Close to airport, not too noisey. Very clean. 
6848 Fortunate enough that I am in NY for work. I have been in 3 hotels, and I like this one the best. However; due to my experience with the unprofessionalism of the front office management, I would not recommend this particular location to anyone working or vacationing. 
6849 I would really recommend this hotel. The location is a new hot spot - a lot of restaurants, bars and shops. Service was good, the room was quite small, but New York offers so much that you would spend the minimum time in your hotel. 
6850 My wife and I stayed here 6 nights in September 2012. The room was clean, The bed was good, the air conditioning did not work well, but they fixed it. Breakfast was good. We liked that the location which was 2 minutes from Macys. 
6851 never mind that the room was small, windowless, noisy and had cheap carpeting -- the bed was the worst i've slept on. stay away if you want to sleep!!! (plus, the nightclub music goes on till 3 
6852 Great quite clean place, close to the airport, would recommend to anybody! Enjoy! 
6853 This is a great hotel. The staff is very nice and the rooms are very comfortable. It's a little noisy but who cares? 
6854 Our stay in New York was wonderful the hotel location was excellent. Hotel was very dated but clean We felt the staff thought they were to good to help us and there were plenty of them 
6855 We stayed here on our last trip to NYC. We loved it! The room was beautiful and spacious. The location is perfect for visiting Central Park. We were able to explore New York City and come back to relax in a nice hotel. 
6856 I was visiting from LA. My room was a bit small but what do you expect from Midtown Manhattan? Met friends for drinks at the bar and the staff was wonderful. Would stay again for sure. 
6857 The Parker is in a great location, close to Central Park, restaurants, bars, etc. The rooms are somewhat dated, but still OK. 
6858 Good value in a good location. Morning coffee and muffins a nice plus. Tv's could use some updating in rooms but overall a good budget hotel 
6859 This is a great value. Nice hotel, clean and close to convention center. Free parking that is gated. 
6860 We needed a place near here for friend's wedding over the weekend and loved this hotel. Will look for elements in future. 
6861 Posizione eccellente 
6862 Stayed here during hurricane sandy since my apartment lost power. All of the staff were extremely friendly and accommodating. Room service took about an hour, but all the meals I had here were great. Would definitely recommend for anyone looking to be in a convenient midtown location. 
6863 If you have mold sensitivity, asthma or don't like waking up with a sore throat and headacke this is not the hotel you want to stay. Poor ventilation = high humidity = mold. They need to get serious about this problem. 
6864 The Park Central hotel was the perfect location for us. It was just 2 blocks from Central Park, and very close to Time Square and Rockefeller Center. We were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go. The hotel was clean and adequate for our needs. 
6865 Stayed there ,for a night in NYC.Close to Penn,Macys etc. Good size rooms ! internet should have been free, so should have been breakfast, which would have made it a perfect stay ! But still good bet for manhattan stay ! 
6866 Rooms are very small, carpet is not the cleanest. Service was okay, however price was very high for what you receive. The location is in the middle of everything so I would say that counts for something. 
6867 Destaco su muy buena ubicacion, habitaciones limpias y modernas. La atencion al viajero es pesima, los repcionistas no hablan otro idioma que no sea ingles......no esperen mucha ayuda. 
6868 location was perfect ,rooms overheated and our welcome on arrival was unfriendly 
6869 Nice hotel, great ambience, great food..........concierge TK was excellent and an asset to the hotel and Starwood. 
6870 Check in was super easy. Front desk clerks were friendly & knowledgeable. Rooms were small but clean. Elevators were fast. Slept great! So close to subways & shopping. We would definitely stay here again & recommend to all. Thanks for a great stay 
6871 Stayed at the Hotel Times Square for 4 nights, the location is perfect. Close enough to all amenities, subway, bars and restaurants. Staff are very friendly and the rooms are great size and very clean and comfortable. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York. 
6872 Hotel is clean. However the rooms are small and the lifts are a joke in this day and age. However for new york not a bad deal. We enjoyed our stay. 
6873 Great location for using subways to almost anywhere in the city. Service personnel friendly and very helpful. Comfortable beds and well furnished room. 
6874 The Edison Hotel is a perfect location to launch a whirlwind visit to Broadway. I saw 8 shows in a week facilitated by the nearby half price ticket booth. The hotel is old but very clean. The staff was exceptionally professional. Cafe and restaurant provided tasty and easily accessible meals. 
6875 This hotel meets all the criteria for a luxury hotel along with great staff and location. Will definitely stay here again 
6876 Hotel in ottima posizione, complessivamente di buon livello ma con servizi in camera scadenti. Camera rifatta per tre giorni di seguito alle 18,30!! Abbiamo dovuto aspettare nella hall che rimettessero apposto la stanza! Assurdo. Cameriere scontrose.Colazione buona ed economica. 
6877 Large hotel with small rooms, the restaurant was pricey as the bar but comparible to the rest of N York. we found the diner good for breakfast. Great position close to many attractions 
6878 Rooms were adequate. Negatives included, Open lobby issue - cold air coming through front entrance, minimal towels left in rooms, grill smell engulfing atleast our floor (31st) and hot water issues. 
6879 Very courteous, punctual service. Check in and check out was a breeze. And the hotel was in the heart of the places we intend to visit so it was great, no time wasted! 
6880 The best thing about the Hotel is the location, a few blocks from great shopping and dinning. I would recommend this Hotel for leisure as well as for business travel. 
6881 Great hotel at fantastic value. Friendly and helpful staff. Modern and clean. Decent size for New York City. View was lacking. Hotel was easy walk to subway, central park, restaurants. Totally different experience from staying in Times Square. Would recommend to others. 
6882 One of the best hotels I've stayed in. beautiful building, great room (with great bathroom), very helpful staff, and fantastic location in downtown. 
6883 Good service, good breakfast and comfy rooms. Checked in early and they watched our bags an hour past check out. Only wished they would give hotel guests front line to their sky room club. 
6884 We arrived at 1:00 PM & had only 2 people in line, so checked in quickly. Great service & we checked out using the drop box. We had breakfast around the corner for 99 cents (a roll & eggs as a sandwich). 
6885 Room was fair with caulking in bathroom needing touch up. Provided only a saucepan in kitchenette - a frying pan would have been nice. Meets the needs of extended stay customers. TV has many channels which is nice and free Wifi is always appreciated. 
6886 Daughter's wedding. Had 2 emergencies. Staff could not have been more caring or accomodating. Very clean. 
6887 I do not usually write reviews, but was extremely pleased with the helpfulness, friendliness and politeness of the staff (a special shout-out to Patrick!). Also, beds are very comfortable which is a big plus... 
6888 posizione centralissima, a pochi minuti da times square, dalla stazione centrale della metropolina e dalla quinta strada. Servitissimo sia per quanto riguarda i mezzi, sia per quanto riguarda il servizio taxi. Personale gentile, paziente e cortese. Camere un po piccole, con lo stretto necessario, ma comunque pulite! Consigliatissimo. 
6889 The hotel rooms had an interesting design - some elements were not well thought out. Floor was a little dirty but all in all the rooms were good. The food was the worst. 
6890 For the price, spacious clean. With a view of the bridge. Simple breakfast. In the heart of Chinatown with European clientele. We will stay there again. 
6891 Great hotel for the price. The rooms are small but when visiting a city like New York you normally don't plan to spend too much time in the hotel. Shared bathrooms wasn't a problem either - always clean & usually available. Great location for exploring the city. 
6892 Got the royal treatment from the front desk to the housekeeping staff; on-duty manager was knowledgeable about the area and things to do around; more importantly, got to know some staff personally, because of their friendliness and hospitality 
6893 For the price you pay you think that you can leave your luggage for few hours. We party of 40 people checked out at 7 am wanted to leave luggage for 3 hours. they told us they can't do it. REally sucky service for $420 per room. 
6894 Was there July 13th for 3 nights. Very close to everything. Good for people wanting to see shows on Broadway. Very good hot breakfast. Would stay again. 
6895 ..ok che siamo di fronte al Madison Square Garden..ma tutti quei soldi per dormire in una camera pessima, la porta di ingresso che non si chiude bene, il bagno sporco e ristrutturato male, scarafaggi che fanno capolino da ogni dove...per carita'!!! 
6896 I stay there regularly as I visit NY regularly. It is hard to fault it except to say it would be great if they could serve wine with room service. Crossing the street to a liquor store is annoying. 
6897 As a Hilton Diamond member I stay at alot of Hilton propoerties. this Hotel, while it's atrium is huge, is exactly what you would expect from this brand. employees were very nice and helpful. 
6898 Central, suite first 2 nights at 249$ then next two nights at $349 each. Was raining most of our trip - abundant umbrellas 
6899 From the broken window that wouldn't close to the front desk that would not answer the phone--this place is NOT the place to stay--even on a budget! 
6900 Great hotel. Very good gym facilities and good staff. The food is OK. 
6901 belle chambre pour new york , terrasse sympa ( sur rue ) pour prendre les petits dej 
6902 prix raisonnables 
6903 El hotel tiene una buena calidad-precio, y esta muy bien situado en el centro de Manhattan. Las habitaciones no son de lujo, pero si solo quieres el hotel para descansar, es perfecto! 
6904 elevators are dreadful slow. the rooms are o.k. not dirty but rooms could use a make over. not everyone is friendly and not all that helpful. but if you can get a good room rate, the location is well worth it. 
6905 The Soho Grand had the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. The staff was top of the line and extremely friendly. Best of all they put a goldfish in my room so I wouldn't miss my fish at home. 
6906 I've been in NYC many times and stayed in horrible hotel like the Pennsylvania Hotel. Night Hotel is the best. Amazing location (half block from Times Square), very comfortable room and bathroom with excellent shower. The staff is just incredible. I recommend for couples, family, friends and so on. 
6907 Great place. New rooms. Nice location. 
6908 My boyfriend and I stayed at the Marcel on Sept 4. The room was very small, I'd say 10x9. As we opened the door, the bed was right there. It was clean and quiet. If the rooms were bigger, it would be a nice hotel. 
6909 Wonderful location. Large and clean rooms. Friendly staff. Good fitness room. Definitel recommend, though will say WIFI and valey pricing is steep. 
6910 Camere confortevoli, posizione a 300 metri da Times Square! Personale dell'hotel molto disponibile. 
6911 The best small hotel for perfect price! Incredible staff and perfect location! Thank you guys! 
6912 Staff are super friendly - great location and amenities. Free business centre, roof top balcony, the morning paper and free coffee are nice touches. Just a skip away from the park, the history museum and great restaurant. Rooms are well appointed but small. Bed is very comfortable 
6913 Room was clean.Quick check in. Prices are getting too high but would stay here again.Rooms are very quiet. Hair dryer available in room......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 
6914 Paid $153 including taxes. Room 1407 facing ground zero. Four subway stops within a block. Great room. Very good A/C as we were there in a heat wave. Nice concierge. Thanks so much for an amazing stay. 
6915 De ontvangst was vriendelijk, de kamer verrassend groot (voor New York) en betaalbaar, de omgeving kleurrijk - paar minuten lopen van Grand Central Station. Leuke (alhoewel luidruchtige) bar op het dak. 
6916 I've stayed at many hotels with all star ratings and really have to say this is a 3*. Unfriendly service, dirty rooms, chipped paint, loose toilet, no bath robes or slippers, no moring newspaper (promised- not delivered) etc. Poor value for money. Good location 
6917 Staff goes above and beyond all expectations. I pride myself on bouncing around from hotel to hotel, discovering new places and people: NO MORE! I will never stay elsewhere in the city, Stay here and know each time will be perfect. Book it now! - Enjoy 
6918 Management are great at giving excuses about why the internet doesn't work but they are clearly not motivated to fix the problem. Wouldn't recommend staying at this hotel if you need a working internet connection. Refrigerator and A/c very noisy and bathrooms need remodelling. 
6919 Rooms are small and old school, but the scene and ambience are the best... Very cool scene in the bar - always good people and celeb watching... The concierge can get you in to any place with little notice .. Great area... 
6920 Rooms were spacious and well-appointed with multiple plugs, comfortable desk and terrific bed and an assortment of pillows. Loved the complimentary iced tea at the reception and the helpful concierge. 
6921 Nice room with good bed and great shower. Nice staff. No restaurant operating in the hotel presently - will be nice when there is. Regardless, 2 good restaurants across the street from it - one a 24 hr diner which will deliver! 
6922 For a meeting at MD Anderson this is a good choice. Nice and quite, good location and service, efficient valet parking and shuttle service to the medical center. 
6923 Prima hotel met een fantastische ligging. Om de hoek bij Times Square, ook dichtbij 5th Ave. Uitstekende bedden. Goede service. Dus gewoon een prima hotel om in deze fantastische stad te verblijven. 
6924 Nice and clean room comfortable bed helpful front desk (Anthony) awesome cookies, nice complimentary breakfast real convenient location near the Wall Street. A little hint: Taxis are easy to comideer at Station Ilsand fary a short block walk, we made it to JFK in 35 mins. 
6925 This is a good, not great hotel. Reminds me of many European hotels. Good Staff, reasonable price, decent sized rooms, close to where you want to me. Not a bad place to stay at all. Just not something unique. I will stay here again. 
6926 This hotel is amazing. Rooms are great, locations is great and the service is brilliant. I was soo impressed with our stay. If youre going to NYC do yourself a favour and book this hotel!!!!! 
6927 My stay at your hotel was great we enjoyed every minute. Blake Thorvaldsen and his staff were very professional. Blake is a great asset to your company. His customer service was great and they all seem to always try to go above and beyond the customer needs. 
6928 We arrived at noon and had to check our baggage into the luggage room until check in time of 4 pm. We were shocked that there was a charge of $3.75 per item checked in. This has never happened to us before. 
6929 Cheap Price and only several blocks from times square and one block away from Macy's 
6930 Hotel carino a due passi da Madison Square. Camera molto piccola ma con mobilio nuovo. Lenzuola (Frette) estremamente piacevoli. Bagno adeguato. Rapporto prezzo soddisfazione adeguato. 
6931 Disgusting in every sense of the word. From obnoxious check in personnel, to sewer like bathrooms and rooms. Stay as far away as possible. They should condemn this place and send the management to prison. 
6932 Excellent location right in front of Radio City Music Hall, really close to Central Park, Times Square and Rockefeller Center. Rooms were nice, big bathroom and updated. In here you will paying for the great location. 
6933 This hotel is an excellent choice for service, comfort and location. The Iroquois is located within walking distance to all the local attractions. The service was excellent and the rooms were quiet and clean. No problems, no complaints. Loved it!!! 
6934 It was a great stay, After a flight from the RGV to Houston, i rested very well!!! The staff was very friendly. The Room I stayed in was very comfortable, the AC Was wonderful and the allowed me to rest really well. 
6935 great location (literally on time square) nice hotel and amazing service. we suggest you to use the concierge service in the hotel (they will help you to find the best places to eat an to hang out). 
6936 I stayed at two different hotels during my first visit to New York City to experience different parts of the city. This hotel was charming and friendly, the staff recognized us. It was just great and I would recommend it to all. 
6937 I have just returned from a seven night stay at the New York Palace, and I am already wondering when I can next go back. The hotel was absolutely superb, the room was magnificent, and the location is excellent for the majority of the main sites. 
6938 A nice hotel, spacious rooms, friendly staff. Stayed there for four days in connection with some business meetings. Good value for the money, nothing to complain about. 
6939 great location for theaters resturants great staff very clean and safe 
6940 Ein super Hotel, excellenter Service, ein wrbar tolles Doppelzimmer mit Queen Size Betten. Ich glaube besser kann man es echt nicht haben. 1 Strasse vom Times Square entfernt und top sauberes Zimmer. Es wurde sogar nach der Sauberkeit nachmittags nachgefragt !! Sehr gerne Wieder 
6941 This place is the pits. Cockroaches in rooms, filthy and surly unhelpful staff. DO NOT STAY AT THE CARTER IF YOU VALUE YOUR HEALTH. It should be closed down as a hazard to health. It is a big scam. 
6942 great place to stay, great location, staff is very friendly 
6943 We booked for 7 nights at Grand Hyatt, New York City, this hotel was a joy to stay in, so central for us, a couple of pensioners on holiday from United Kingdom. We would like to return and finish off our sight seeing. 
6944 The omelet cooks were a great start to each day. Many ingredients and cooked to order. Those guys deserve a raise. This hotel was of course like the other embassy suites in many ways. It was louder than some with our room being next to the elevator. 
6945 Well located for all touristy things, funky decor albeit our room felt a little dated, but great design and really comfortable. Great staff too, very helpful tips on restaurants and the door staff organised airport transportation which was well priced and on time. Would thoroughly recommend. 
6946 Great location, full hot breakfast was wonderful, staff was so helpful, and the room was so awesome. This hotel has thought of everything. And the value puts it over the top. Will definitely stay here again. 
6947 I had a touch situation with many changes and special requests for a VIP. Marqueshia Johnson was amazing. She helped with all the accomodations and has once again proven, how important the customer service is at a hotel. She truly is an asset to the hotel. 
6948 Hotel in great location in NYC. Very clean. Friendly staff. 
6949 the hotel gave us a pleasant stay, room clean, spacious, a perfect location, near the central park and times square. I recommend this excellent hotel accommodatio 
6950 We just got back from a four day stay at the Affinia and we just loved it. The room was the biggest and best we have ever had there was even a pillow menu! The staff was helpful and pleasant. Highly recomended. 
6951 This hotel was very central, lovely room, friendly staff. Quiet at night and a stones throw away fron theatres and well known jazz club. It was our silver wedding and they left champagne and strawberries in our very comfortable room. A lovely touch. Would deffinately recommend. 
6952 big rooms, busy hotel. clean, functional, only 4 blocks to michigan ave, walking distance to navy peir. breakfast is really busy, but the line cooks do a great job of moving it along. free cocktails and snacks avalable, we didn't bother as it was too crazy 
6953 Nice location, nice staff, clean room with updates. Conference rooms are clean, carpet could stand to be updated. Fair warning - the elevators at this hotel are very very slow! 
6954 Great location to pubs transportation food activities. Free laundry. Workout gym computers bottle water and coffee. Room with 2 TV a stero fridge cooking utensils dual climate control desk living room makes you feel at home. Bed huge and comfy. Must stay if in Houston. 
6955 I stayed there for 2 nights with my family last month .The hotel has great facilities.It was a wonderful experience.The rooms were clean and spacious .The service at the hotel was excellent.The food was great .The staff were extremely courteous,helpful and cheerful. 
6956 Two nights with interrupted sleep thanks to out of control neighbors. Two calls to front desk seemed to have little effect. No recognition of issue at checkout and apology only after I brought up the problem. Nice room but in need of refurbishing. Some great doormen. 
6957 If I had just one thing to say negative about this place would be the lack of WiFi. Rooms very nice, clean. Pets allowed which was very nice and centrally located which is even nicer. Great people watching location. Close to the beach as well as plenty of fine restaurants. 
6958 Location, location, location. Cleanliness and attentive service. The only knock--and this may have been just a one-time thing--we didn't find the concierge as eager to help as we might have wanted. Still, superb hotel in a most excellent spot in NYC. 
6959 This is a nice Marriott hotel, with usual amenities. Starbucks in the lobby is a nice touch. Room was large and clean, flat screen tv. convenient fast food and drug store across the street. 
6960 Clean hotel, close to everything and staff was wonderful. They upgraded my room upon arrival without me asking because occupancy was low that evening. I will definitely stay again! 
6961 Trendy, but unlike other trendy hotels in NY (Hudson, Paramount) where it's just smoke and mirrors, this hotel follows through. Rooms are modern and ultra comfortable. Service was wonderfully professional, yet friendly. Location across from Bryant Park an added bonus. 
6962 Good hotel in an excellent location. Rooms are quite small but very nice and it is expensive but I think this to be expected in big cities. Attended a function whilst staying here which was excellent, well run and the food was amazing! 
6963 We have stayed at this hotel on several occasions over the last three years and have always had a good time. The rooms are great, the breakfast and evening reception are nice and the staff have always been helpful. 
6964 Spent the weekend of Oct 12 at the hotel. Hotel was a great location, room clean, comfortable and nicely setup. We had gone to NYC for our anniversary. Staff was exceptionally helpful and thoughtful. Especially Vicky at the front desk. 
6965 Gracious at the desk, quiet room, beautiful view of the city, great east side location. I only wish that there was a coffee maker in the room. The pool and sauna are excellent. 
6966 The room is nice n clean, and the location is super. The staff is really, really helpful!! I am very impressed. Will definitely stay again!!! 
6967 It's clean, the rooms are large, and the location--for a business traveler--can't be beat. But not worth the rack rate (over $180/nite) so stay only if you get a deal here. 
6968 Het is een prachtig hotel op een toplokatie.30 min met de taxi van Newark.$62,- Tip:neem Cityview.Wij zaten op de 52st etage.met een pracht uitzicht.Ga ook lekker ontbijten bij de Deli eeste straat rechts. 
6969 The front desk personnal were great and very helpful, however the room was just average. We also noticed some ants in and around the bathroom area. We reported to the front desk. 
6970 Although the front desk were trying their best, they couldn't compensate for the poor condition of the room. The room was large but very poorly kept - dirty. The facility needs updating and upgrading, and we were happy to leave it behind us. 
6971 Great place! Awesome location... spotless clean the apartment and really, reeeeeally, comfortable bed! The staff is very kind and helpfull... specially the guy that works on the lobby and stores thebaggage... great guy, helpfull and polity! Strongly recommend 
6972 We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. Room was clean. Was an easy walk to our Broadway show and other sights. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Larry, at the tourist desk was especially helpful and friendly. 
6973 We recently stayed at the Edison Hotel and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Very accommodating staff, excellent location and clean rooms. 
6974 Awesome location for those interested in Michigan Ave. Hotel is a little...um, let's just say not on par with the great Westins we all know and love. Chopped up spaces--wall-paper peeling in spots! But easily over looked if location is what you are after. 
6975 This hotel is located in Northwest Houston right were I needed to be for my business. It is small and quiet with very comfortable oversized rooms. I will definitely stay there, again. 
6976 Best location, clean new hotel, excellent service. What's more to say? 
6977 Staff muito simpatico e quartos optimos. Hotel muito trendy e jovem. 
6978 The hotel was ideal for what I wanted; a comfy, decent hotel near to Broadway. 
6979 Super hotel confortable, trendy, calme et hyper bien situe. Personnel tres accueillant. 
6980 A Bit Pricy But....The rooms were nice & roomy for NYC... Wonderful view of Times Square... Ask for upper floor & you get a King or 2 Queens & Sofa Bed... Lots of Space! 
6981 The Hotel its just OK but needs some upgrade, I stay in the 12 Floor and the elevator wasn't working, The room was comfortable. 
6982 The Chatwal is an oasis of luxury just off of Times Square. The property is beautiful and opulent, yet not gaudy or ostentatious. It is clean and stylish. The staff were beyond attentive and super responsive to every need. Long story short-- this propery and is staff are world class. 
6983 I've been staying here two times. The first time my carpet was wet nearby the windows, so I could not stand there without getting wet on my feet. The last time I stayed, the room was better. The breakfast is okay, but sometimes they don't have the brown bread. 
6984 A great place to stay for breathtaking views. Shabby chic atmosphere and very accommodating staff. I would not recommend for business due to the inadequate work space. Definitely would stay there again. I do recommend booking a corner room on a high floor (23rd floor) to get your money's worth. 
6985 Stayed at belnord in December 2011. Me and my boyfriend we stayed here for four nights.I must say that the rooms are small but they are modern and clean. Flat screen t.v and clean towels.I would stay here again and recommend this stay.it's really affordable and staff was help full. 
6986 I was at this hotel just last month and it was absolutely great. Perfect location nice staff I really am glad I booked here. Next time around won't think twice about booking here. Definately worth every penny 
6987 With the Reno almost done, the lobby and rooms are great / bathroom was very small and I hate that there is no minibar just a fridge - this needs to be fixed it's crazy. Wireless is ok and I'll return 
6988 Das modern Hotel befindet sich im Herzen von Manhattans Trendviertel Meatpacking District.New York ist eine fazierende Stadt.New York ist eine Reise wert. Fazit Service: super Service Fazit Hotellage: zentral gelegend 
6989 The Belvedere Hotel provides excellent service and is one of the cleanest I have ever stayed at. The staff are friendly and helpful, the rooms are spotless and comfortable, and the location is so convenient. 
6990 Good location. Near many restaurants and only a mile from Michigan Avenue. Clean rooms, decent breakfast. Fitness center is lacking. Machines were broken, not many options and no locker rooms. Door was open and sauna turned off, making it unrealistic to wait forvitvto heat up. Pool is nice. 
6991 The hotel is simple, but very confortable, clean and tranquil. The breakfast is varied and the prices are very cheap: U$37.00 daily. The localization is excellent for purchase. He's close of the Best Buy, Macy's, Target, Krog's, DSW, Marshal"s, Walgreens ,and Starbuck's. Great! 
6992 A fantastic mix of modern luxury and New York sophistication. The Thompson LES is positioned in a fantastic location if you are looking for SoHo shopping, or Lower East Side nightlife. This sleek hotel is very well priced for the service, style and location. 
6993 This is a pretty decent hotel. The rooms are large for Manhattan, and were clean and comfortable. The location on West Street isn't great, but it's lower Manhattan so everything is close anyway. The elevators were brutally slow. I waited about 15 minutes in the morning waiting. 
6994 Everything okay. Rooms are small, but quite all right. Would like to return. 
6995 The location, service, views, restaurant, and friendliness are the best I've seen in a hotel. Top notch! 
6996 Walking distance to Rockefellar Plaza and Times Square. Room in good condition. 
6997 Spent the night at this very convenient Manhattan hotel. It is just caddycorner to Macy's Herald Square. Right by the subway. Friendly staff. They upgraded my room to "city view" since they didn't have a king available and was delighted with the Empire State Building view. 
6998 Beautiful lobby, nice room, excellent location on the subway. 
6999 The rooms are clean and have a nice bed, however they are very small with practically no closet space and no drawers at all. The bathroom is also very very small 
7000 Great location right behind St Pats cathedral and 5th Ave shops. Wonderful staircase. Bar staff were a little less than friendly 
7001 Finally after over 50 years of looking I have found a lovely smaller hotel in mid-town Manhattan at a reasonable price (for our stay $300/night average) Incredibly friendly and helpful staff, pretty quiet rooms, and a great location near almost everything a tourist would be interested in. 
7002 L' hotel e' in una posizione centrale , vicino a fermata di bus, metropolitana e graziosi bar per la prima colazione; la mia camera (tipologia Queen) era un po' piccola ma pulitissima e confortevole 
7003 San Carlos is a find. Located in a quiet neighborhood convenient to Grand Central and subway. Wonderful diner across the street. The staff is well trained and strives to please. Our suite was roomy and comfortable. Only complaint, the free breakfast pastry dry and would like fresh fruit. 
7004 Fantastic price, great location, classy lobby and complimentary breakfast are whats nice about this place. BUT, the hallways smell like urine, the bathrooms are freezing, heaters not working and unprofessional front desk staff are downers. Try the other applecore hotels, they all offer the same price 
7005 this hotel was in the heart of the financial district with the tribecca film festival building owned by robert denero around the corner. you are close to a variety of restaurants. the hotel staff is very good and the gym downstairs was quaint but adequate for a nice workout. 
7006 Staff was friendly and very helpful. Breakfast was great and room was nice and clean. Will come again. 
7007 They "scent-brand" their hotel. In other words, clouds of sickening, tacky perfume waft through every inch of the first floor and hang on your personal belongings long after you leave. Visually, this place tries to be hip, but fails. The location is good though. And the service adequate. 
7008 Rooms are very, clean love the area, great view and location out from hustle and bustle of New York loved fitness room staff very accomodating 
7009 A beautiful hotel with excellent service and amenities. This will be our hotel whenever our travels take us to New York. Everyone who worked at the Casablanca was helpful, friendly and efficient. 
7010 Great location, comfortable bed, good business centre. Bedroom was a little small, and we were dissapointed by the lack of coffee/tea making facilities in bedroom. Overall this was a nice comfortable hotel 
7011 This is an older hotel that has been well maintained. It is in a great location. Just minutes off Time Square. Staff was very helpful. Bathrooms are very small. I would definitely stay again. 
7012 Well located, clean, professional staff makes this an excellent hotel for the travelor looking for a good room, reasonably priced, without the kitchenette type set-up which I don't use. 
7013 The staff was helpful and polite, they made my stay so pleasant! no complaints on this one!!! I'll stay there again!! 
7014 too big, too unpersonal no charm 
7015 I stayed for the second time at this hotel. The conditions of the room were excellent. The sleep number bed could use some explanation. Megan was particularly helpful and accommodating during my stay. 31 
7016 The Moderne has one of the Best front desk staff of any Hotel that I've ever stayed at. Victoria made our stay the most enjoyable weekend ever.People like her will bring back you again! 
7017 Good value for the money and an excellent location. Above the 7th Ave subway (23rd st) for the 1,2,3 & 9 lines. One block either way to the V & F or A,C & E lines. Quiet neighbourhood. 
7018 I love the rooms. Clean and comfortable. Bar in lobby is nice. Always a cool crowd. Very business oriented during the week. Location is nice - close to many things. 
7019 Great location, the rooms were superb. They actually gave us a free upgrade without asking. The cost of breakfast was crazy so we went down the road and had a similar quality breakfast for one third of the cost We would stay there again 
7020 We stayed at Hotel Icon over the Labor Day weekend and were very impressed. Loved the decor, the bed was very comfy, the tub and shower very enjoyable. And the service was impeccable!!! Very personalized service. Will definitely stay there again. 
7021 lo bueno que tiene este hotel es que son departamentos muy lindos que en el caso de ser una familia podes alojar los chicos en el comedor, tiene lavavajillas, heladera microondas esta muy bueno para pasar tus dias en NY. 
7022 We had a one bedroom suite, spacious and modern. Nice view, nice interior and nice staff. Location ok, several restaurants and diners nearby, short distance to bus and subway. 
7023 this is a wonderful hotel. wonderful staff. very unique concept and also a fantastic location. if you can get a room here, you should! no cons! 
7024 The Days Inn and Suites is a very nice hotel with a very pleasant and welcoming atmosphere. The rooms are spacious and well kept. From the time that I arrived there the atmosphere was very calming and peaceful. I encourage anyone to stop by, it's worth the stay. 
7025 This is one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in. Rooms are great, a little small though. Beautiful bathrooms!! Top notch staff, very helpful. I would stay there again in a second. 
7026 Stayed the weekend for a wedding and found it clean, fashionable and relaxing. The front desk was responsive and polite. I understand from others in my party that the poolside service was terrible, someone waited two hours for a sandwich but I enjoyed my stay immensely. 
7027 Very classy and well designed hotel. The staff is very nice and respectful. Great location to walk to all Chicago has to offer. Close to Magnificent Mile & Navy Pier. River view is beautiful and peaceful. Room deco was very updated and beds super comfy. 
7028 I love this place. Rooms are great and the location is convenient to all of mid-town Manhattan. Staff is friendly and professional. Good place to stay..area is very safe 
7029 Way too expensive for the mediocre quality. the place has old and quite dirty carpets, rusted electrical plugs in the bathroom, etc... It was a very disappointing experience! 
7030 Alex and his staff go out of their way to make you feel welcome. The hotel is in a great location, charming and friendly environment 
7031 My husband and I spent our anniversary at this hotel and we had a great time.The hotel is very clean,the beds are comfortable and the staff is helpful and kind. We would definitely go back. 
7032 Only thing that I did not like was the mattress was a bit uncomfortable and the shades on the windows didn't close all the way. Great place to stay otherwise especially for the price. 
7033 The most fabulous room we've ever stayed in. Had soooo much character and warmth. Perfect location, perfect atmosphere and perfect service. We didn't want to leave and will definitely go back! 
7034 This was my first stay at this hotel and everything was great. The room was spacious and well appointed. All of the employees went out of their way to make me feel welcome and respond to every request. 
7035 Helpful staff, great room, great service, decent price! A bit far from the center of New York City but besides that it was excellent! I highly recommend the staff member Justin, he was the most friendliest and took the time to assist us! The lounge room was also very cozy. 
7036 Heel goed en super schoon hotel met vriendelijk en behulpzaam personeel. Echt een aanrader. Wij verbleven daar 1 week met 2 tieners op een familiekamer, ruim en een grote kamer voor New Yorkse begrippen. 
7037 Good sized rooms, clean, comfortable beds, quiet. Friendly service, lovely view. Norma's food is excellent but the prices are too high, $100 for breakfast for two is a bit much. Portions needn't be so large. People were taking out "doggie" boxes. 
7038 Having had a long flight from South Africa the rooms were great as well as the staff. Have stayed there twice and has got better and better. For a tourist it is the best place to be. Close to Times Square and other major attractions. 
7039 we stayed in thr wellington for five days .was in the heart of new york and staff was very pleasent 
7040 We get upgraded to higher floor. Good view, not much space. But it works. Internet was okay, not much speed, but work. 
7041 My time at the Hilton would have been a standard experience one would find at any hotel had it not been for Issia. Issia single-handedly took care of my friend and me with no complaint and no one to help her. Issia was the highlight of service at the Hilton. 
7042 Really good location in downtown Manhattan in front of Madison Square Garden, 2 blocks from Macy's, 2 from Empire State Building and 10 from Times Square :D It's Old But it's really clean and good service. Really good price for the location 
7043 Me decidi por este hotel por su situacion y por referencias de amigos ya que antes de mi fecha de viaje las fotos en internet heran muy antiguas estaba en obra, pero una vez alli fue estupendo todo, la habitacion, limpieza, trato etc.no me equivoque. 
7044 Great hotel for the price you pay. Very clean, good beds, great service. 
7045 Workout facility is in an awkward location. No restaurant was available. Granted, being in the Mall offers many opportunities, however often business travelers are tired and may not want to leave for a meal. 
7046 Very good location and very helpful staff. 2 blocks from Times Square. 
7047 Not only was the hotel convenient, but the rooms were in good condition and very clean. The staff did whatever they could to make sure our trip was pleasant as possible. They were very accommodating and tried to help with whatever I needed. 
7048 The hotel was really nice, within walking distance of Times Square, Central Park, and Theater District. Staff all were really helpful. Very expensive though. 
7049 45 min wait for a burger at the bar because "they were really busy" Bed looked like it had been slept in No phone book in the room 
7050 What a charming hotel. It was very clean, neat, and well appointed. The staff was delicious. I couldn't be happier with all the services provided. Great restaurants, clubs, and activities all around. I am pleased as punch. I will be back! :-) 
7051 An amazing well priced funky hotel in a great location - cannot recommend enough 
7052 Pode ir tranquilo. Muito bem localizado. Excelente staff. Nada a reclamar!!! Nao vai se arrepender! Recomendo... 
7053 Really loved location, staff, amenities, everything. Celebrated my daughter's 21st there, with the five of them staying in a 2 bedroom, and us in a 1 bedroom. Couldn't have been happier. 
7054 I like this hotel as it is quality, nice staff and a good location. Lobby, bar, reception staff etc and good. Meets requirements for both vacation and business. I've stayed here 15+ times over 8 years. 
7055 We felt as though we were staying with relatives. The staff were so eager to help make us comfortable. Valet was quick, food good and healthy, bed was very comfy and the all around atmosphere was very pleasant. Thank you Four Seasons 
7056 The hotel is in a perfect location and everything about the hotel was lovely. We particularly liked the club room on the second floor, which was spacious and very relaxed. The room had everything we liked and everything worked. I look forward to another trip to this hotel. 
7057 We spent 2 nights in this hotel. Perfect location, nice rooms, friendly employees, but, surprisely, for a Marriott 5 star hotel, we found "old linens" and the pillows were not comfortable. I woke up itching and with rash. 
7058 Enjoyed our stay at LaQuinta Galleria. The staff was so kind, professional & helpful. Breakfast was a treat each morning, we especially loved the Texas shaped waffles. Rooms were clean and spacious. Overall a pleasant hotel experience and will return on our next visit to the Houston Galleria area. 
7059 Less than 200/night. 20 minutes from Times Square. Staff was awesome. Breakfast ok. I would stay again. Rates were during the US Tennis Open. Restaurant on corner of 10th and 48th was an awesome Italian restaurant. Very authenic. 
7060 Great find in Wall Street area. Walk to Bankruptcy Court. Nice bar. Reasonably priced restaurant. 
7061 We stayed at the Lucerne hotel for four nights under two separate reservation numbers. The front desk made an error and did not merge the two reservation numbers. The Lucerne Hotel double charged our credit card as a no show and would not reverse the charges. They stole our money. 
7062 Great hotel. The location was 1.5 blocks from the 4-5-6 lines. Outstanding service from the front desk, bellmen, to the concierge. Awesome gym to work off all those extra NYC calories. Terrific overall find - will definitely use again in the future. 
7063 I always use Marriott hotels and this one was worth the money. It was in a good location with plenty of nightlife and places to eat near by. Easy to walk everywhere. Staff very pleasant and room was nice. 
7064 I stayed at this hotel in december 2011. It was really modern and clean and the views from the roof garden were amazing. Friendly and helpful staff flagged down taxi's for us whenever we needed one and the subway station was just over the road. Would defo go back. 
7065 New, clean, modern, and convenient. Room was good size for a Manhattan hotel. Blocks from Times Square. Staff was very helpful and friendly. Great large flat screen t.v. on wall in room, with a modern bathroom. 
7066 This is a lovely old hotel, but one that badly needs renovation to regain a luxury status. The furniture is worn, the bathrooms outdated. The concierge is knowledgeable. The staff is courteous. The location is ideal. If spruced up, this would be a first-rate choice. A New Yorker 
7067 Great location for business trip,,, subway stations, restaurants, grocery nearby,busy but exciting street,,,weak wifi connection which might be caused by wifi traffic from luxury apartment located across the hotel (improvement needed in this area) ,,,excellent front desk service by Kumar,,,,will definitely go back to this hotel,,, 
7068 London hotel has mini suites perfect for a new York getaway --within walking distance to theatre 5th ave shopping and fabulous restaurants and an Avis rental office right next door could not ask for more .the staff Is superb 
7069 Compact rooms with allot of character, great vibe, very clean, not crowded, check in and out on kiosks was quick and easy. Terrace bar with great food and gorgeous night views, Will recommend and visit again! 
7070 Was recommended by friends, room was ordinary, totally run down and shocking. We asked for a better room and was told that was the exec. Location was good, but looking around there is definalety better value for money. 
7071 Good location in Times Square. Noisy but expected for the area. A little impersonal but typical of a big hotel. 
7072 Our recent stay at your hotel was fabulous. The accommodations were fabulous! We had a wonderful dinner at the restaurant and the waiter went out of his way to tend to our needs! We would certainly stay there again! 
7073 We've spent 4 nights in this hotel and we keep a great memory. Excellent value for money, given the comfort, quality and location. Large room, new and comfortable furnishings, great breakfast, top-notch service, unbeatable location and all this at a down-to-earth price. Will definitely be back! 
7074 This place was fantastic! Great value for the room and location. The staff is super nice, proactive, and helpful. I'm an evacuee of hurricane Sandy and our stay last night was a bright spot in the past week. Thank you! 
7075 Stayed here for 2 nights at the end of June. This location is unbeatable, even if the decor is not the most modern it made no difference to us. The place was clean, the bed supper comfy and the cost very competitive in comparison to its neighboring establishments. 
7076 Stayed there once for business - great hotel, everyone at our company stays there. 
7077 We liked everything about HGI. The location was great, it was very clean and everyone on staff was very nice and helpful. Highly recommended. 
7078 Visited here in January, and had absolutely no problems whatsoever - short of the keys resetting a couple of times. Breakfast was great, room was great, facilities was great, comes thoroughly recommended! 
7079 I've stayed many times at the Muse. A terrific hotel, well appointed as all Kimptons are. 100 yards from the heart of Times Square. An oasis from the crowds and bustle. If you're in NYC to take in some Broadway shows, this is the place for you. 
7080 Stayed there for the first time in March. It's a wonderful historic property. Room was elegantly appointed. Staff was great. I attendedd an event at the hotel, so got to see one of the meeting rooms. Very nice and the banquet staff were courteous and helpful. 
7081 Loved this hotel. Had room on 42nd floor with Time Sq. view. Bed was comfortable and room clean. Location great. Be prepared to pay top dollar at the lounge bar. We were given excellent directions for the subway. 
7082 If you are a gold/platinum member your free breakfast would be a regular coffee and a muffin (or an equivalent combination) from a Starbucks in the lobby. Room service is quite slow. Otherwise, it is a nice hotel in a good location. 
7083 I have stayed at this hotel many times and it always meets my expectations. The rooms are comfortable, the staff is helpful and friendly and the location is excellent. I will definitely stay there again. 
7084 My husband and I stayed here in April 2009 and I have no complaints at all. The location is great (right next to Herald Square) , the staff were very helpful and welcoming, the complimentary Breakfast buffet was hearty, our room was large, clean and cosy. Would definitely stay again! 
7085 This is an unbelievable hotel. This is a luxury hotel all the way. The staff is just as wonderful. They were dedicated to making our stay as special as possible. They went way above and beyond what they needed to do. 
7086 Alan was very thoughtful and kind during my stay on Radisson Lexington Hotel. The hotel is cheap and well located. 
7087 DO NOT SYAY HERE - Ever We paid through our Travel agent $430 per night for 3 people. The rooms are disgusting. Please look at the photos. 
7088 Nice stay. Ideal if u r there to attend a meeting at Mc mormick place. Great service and very freindly staff. Stayed at the 28th floor. Fabulous view of Lake Michigan and Chicago city. Room was very clean and nice. I would definitely return. 
7089 We loved this hotel. It was a perfect couples getaway. Right off Times Square, close to Rockefeller Center. Rooms are small, but all NYC rooms are, but they are very nice. I would stay there again. 
7090 Hotel razoavel, cujos funcionarios sao meio desajeitados. E limpo, com conforto minimo nos quartos, com localizacao proxima dos pontos turisticos mais procurados. De facil acesso. Tavez volte, se nao achar coisa melhor. Carina 
7091 great, quaint place! 2nd time staying there. located near 3 subways, awesome breakfast included, fridge in the rooms for leftovers. I have shared a bathroom both times with another room and wouldn't have known i was sharing with someone, get a room facing the courtyard, its quieter. 
7092 The staff where very helpful and friendly. Rooms where very clean and comfortable. 
7093 Great location like all the other reviewers say. Surprisingly good service -- not always a given in NYC regardless of the price. The rooms are small and dated, but perfectly fine for business travelers, and you're unlikely to spend much time in them anyway. 
7094 In a great location close to Carnegie Hall and three blocks away from Central Park, with a subway station below, this Hotel offers good value without unnecessary frills. The breakfast is good and the staff generally very helpful and friendly. For the price, one could hardly ask for more. 
7095 Buon hotel situato nella zona di Soho/tribeca. Vicinissimo alla metro e dentro a Chinatown. Buon Hotel pulito, personale molto disponibile e cordiale. 
7096 Great Staff, comfortable beds, very clean, great breakfast, no negatives with my stay. I strongly recommend this property. 
7097 The Raffaello Hotel was an excellent choice for our weekend away. We stayed in one of their Grand Suites and it was beautiful. The hotel was very clean, the staff was attentive, and the hotel was centrally located. We'd definitely stay again! 
7098 Casablanca is everything the reviews say it is. The hotel is spottlessly clean. Staff are most obliging. Location is A+. The friend who recommended it to us said "there is nothing we didn't like about the Casablanca.' We feel the same. 
7099 We stayed here for our wedding night and it was perfect. The staff was incredible, we felt like royalty. We also used the spa downstairs and had wonderful massages the next morning. 
7100 Friendly service. Very nice rooms 
7101 Very affordable and close to hobby airport. I have always been known not to expect much going to a hotel/motel. Being in the hotel industry I know not to much. Especially for the price. I recommend this hotel to anyone. 
7102 This new hotel is conveniently located not far from the train station and theatre district/broadway. The staff are extremely friendly and very helpful. The rooms are sufficiently big and clean. The sports gym is well-designed and well-equipped with machines, mats, balls, etc. 
7103 The stuff does not know how to treat customers. Disrespectful, unhelpful, by phone they tell you something and when you arrive there they tell you another. The worst service i ever had. I thought Sheraton was other thing.. 
7104 I thought at the price this place would be a dump, but it was lovely! Room was clean and well-appointed, bed and pillows were amazingly comfortable, staff was warm and friendly. Location was perfect for my purposes. Good breakfast in their restaurant. I look forward to staying there again. 
7105 Check in was flawless, staff very friendly. Based on other negative reviews I was really surprised. King room was perfect. For the location and price, this hotel cannot be beat. You are not at the Ritz, so dont sweat the small flaws. 
7106 My daughter and I and dog stayed here Christmas Eve. The rate was extemely good for a NYC hotel. It was well under $200. It is not my favorite of the Kimpton hotels, but it was clean, and the staff was friendly. I really enjoyed the wine hour. 
7107 Rooms are small but it is spotlessly clean, the service is exceptional, and the location is unbelievable. 
7108 so cool.....so great.....stop looking and just stay here! 
7109 Very nice location near central park i was there three times but hotel is old and i think dirty...bigest problem is that hotel is very big and old...but nice ... 
7110 Less than 1min to Times Square.the reception is helpfull and sympathic.the housekeeping always clean the room and change towels.i will suggest this hotel to all my friends 
7111 One couldn't really expect more from a USD $210/night hotel in midtown Manhattan. The location is obviously excellent for most intents and purposes, and staff is generally friendly and helpful. Don't come here expecting Peninsula-level service, but Roosevelt is definitely a strong contender for a centrally located hotel in NYC. 
7112 Love love love this hotel. Came for my birthday and have no complaints! The staff was wonderful! Love love love and that's it! Oh and they have a DJ at night! Love love love! 
7113 I travel a lot, and this is the best place I have ever stayed at! Lisa is great, and very friendly. The rooms are very comfortable. Free parking :). Breakfast is cooked by a chef, using fresh ingredients. Great location. 
7114 Tres bien a tout les points de vue sauf pour les dejeuners l espace est un peu reduit et il n y a pas toujours de place mais la nourriture est bien et il y a toujours quelqu un si il manque quelquechose 
7115 Nice hotel close to the Time Square and Chelsea action. Very reasonably priced for what you get. Staff was very friendly and helpful with suggestions. Highly recommend if you're not on a Waldorf-Astoria budget. 
7116 A huge shoutout to the Hotel Edison and its staff for the great work they did throughout Hurricane Sandy!!!!!!!! They never lost power. There was plenty of hot water and Cafe Edison have plenty of food. Long live this fixture of the Theater District. 
7117 Das Hotel ist soweit gut, alle Vorteile von Ambassador mit freundlichem Service. Das Badezimmer war etwas veraltet. 
7118 Muy amable la atencion y la localizacion estupenda pero el estado del mantenimiento es pesimo, no entiendo como Worldmate o Hotels.com lo catalogan 4 estrellas. Este hotel requiere una urgente remodelacion con cambios de tapete, pintura de paredes y reparacion de mobiliario en la habitacion. 
7119 Stayed recently for 27 days and as per me, this hotel gives good value for money with reasonably good breakfast and decent rooms.Quality of the staff services are good. Internet speed could be better. 
7120 We spent 3 nights in this hotel and it was good! the rooms are comfy, free-wifi, good breakfast, employees helpful, not really far from Brooklyn bridge, close to China Town!! Next to the subway 
7121 Great great hotel! Fantastic location! Really great rooms, food and service! Deffinately worth going back to!!! Fantastic hotel and definitely location location location! 
7122 very close to alot of stuff. Would love to stay here again, cant beat the price 
7123 Lo unico que no esperaba de este hotel es su falta de atencion al cliente y servicio...puede ser por ser NYC nadie es muy amable familiar etc 
7124 Location of this hotel is great. However, the room service is poor. The room service staff occupied the lift in the morning at busy hours, and some of the guests had to go by staircase in order to catch the breakfast. 
7125 Great view of fireworks on New Year's Eve! Great location, friendly, comfortable tempurpedic beds, many dining choices, loved this hotel!!! 
7126 When I need to make reservation, I always ask Vickie. She is always helpfull, kind, accurate. Very dependable. All the Japanese/British business men from my company prefer to saty St. Regis Hotel in Houston all the time. 
7127 This hotel is stuck way back in time. We didn't feel comfortable at all... Floor layout was confusing, everything felt old and musty. Only one elevator was working in the tower we were in. Very out dated. We'll never stay here ever again. 
7128 Excellent hotel, perfect location for exploring the whole of the city. Extremely clean, very friendly and helpful staff from the front desk, to the porters and the maids. Thanks!!! 
7129 Wonderful central location for exploring NY. Friendly staff and great food. Pity we had to go across the street to Starbucks for free Wifi. The hotel charge is ~$15 per day for this service. 
7130 We were helped by Xani and everything was wonderful. 
7131 the smallest room i ever seen. smallest bathroom were i ever had a shower. the tv do not work, if u touch things - just if u touch it - you will pay for it!! nice location. at the same price you can find better places around 
7132 Extremely unfriendly receptionist! Staff only intetested in tip despite unfriendly and non service oriented apperance! Wifi very expensive. Try to avoid this Hotel. 
7133 Its simple, clean, and roomy. What more could you ask for besides it being free! Here are some possible improvements.The furniture could be updated, more gym equipment, a restaurant in the building instead of walking over to he next hotel. 
7134 Selected this hotel based on Trip Advisor reviews and the great AAA price. First impressions? Large room with two very comfortable queen size beds, strong air conditioning, good location, fast free WIFI. The surprise? There was a mouse in our room! Need I say more? 
7135 heating that doesn't work, sinks missing pieces, ragged carpets and wallpaper--and worst of all, windows that face other wings of the hotel: no daylight on the plus side, the staff is great and helpful but i would never stay here again 
7136 Love the design of this hotel. The lobby was more like a trendy bar rather than a hotel lobby. The rooftop club is also cool with a great view. The room was nice with a very comfortable bed. However the bathroom wasn't too great... 
7137 Hyatt 48 Lex is leading the way - very attentive staff who are always switched on! Very comfortable rooms and extremely quiet for NYC. A great central location! Lexington Lounge a great advantage. 
7138 We had a brief stay here for a splurge and it was perfect, down to the knock on the door with "an amenity"--chocolate chip cookies. Nothing but good things to say about this hotel 
7139 The hotel is old and in desperate need of updating. Poor ventilation in the rooms. The bathroom was the smallest I have ever been on. I definitely do not recommend this hotel. 
7140 4 nachten in St James hotel doorgebracht in kamer aan straatzijde. De entree en lobby waren prima. De kamers zijn gedateerd, maar schoon en goede douche. Locatie is top, 100 meter van Times Square, maar in een rustige straat. Op zaterdag markt voor de deur. 
7141 Great location and good service with spacious rooms for the Mag Mile area. However, the a/c didn't work too well. Lobby was a bit dated but nostalgic. Bathroom in the room was fine All in all a good choice. 
7142 Elegant historical hotel, magnificent lobby and nice restaurants. Excellent location at the very beginning of the Michigan Av., conveniently Located for shopping. But rooms are really poor, they deserve an hard renovation, no drawers in the room to store shirts! Staff is professional and kind. 
7143 Centraler kan bijna niet. Als je de deur uitstapt sta je midden op Times Square, van waar je trip door New York kan beginnen. De kamers zijn schoon en het personeel is behulpzaam. Let wel op dat je het type kamer krijgt dat je geboekt en betaald hebt. 
7144 We appreciated the early check-in and free WIFI but not being charged for local calls. Hotel was easy to find, and its location met our needs. 
7145 Really nice hotel... breakfast is basic (bagels and muffins) but they're yummie! Nice rooms, gym on roof.. lovely roof terrace with amazing views of Empire State (must see). No regrets... special thanks to George... very friendly receptionist. 
7146 Located in the cut flower wholesale district, half-block from subway. Good breakfast and clean rooms. Staff was cordial and responsive to requests. 
7147 Great location for shops, subway etc 
7148 Travel lodge rooms are cleaner and brighter 
7149 As for the front desk staff, they make you feel as you are intruding on their privacy all the time. http://the-new-yorker-hotel-experience.weebly.com/ 
7150 The hotel is terrible. It is full of roaches. They are all over. The location is great and the room is ok but full of roaches. Stay away from this place. Very old fashioned and dirty hallways. 
7151 Hotel is located only a few blocks from Penn station & Subway very easy walk. Typical NYC room... modern and very clean and comfortable bed. Bathroom was a bit small but nice and could use more counter space. Rooftop bar was great and had a nice view looking downtown. 
7152 This is a very cool uptown boutique hotel. Very modern rooms and common areas. The roof top bar is brilliant with great views. Staff were very polite and helpful. Loved this place 
7153 The staff at the Barclay make staying there feel like home. Particularly, Matthew and Peter at the front desk go out of their way to make sure each time I am there everything is completely satisfactory. As a repeat guest, it is a pleasure to deal with both of them. 
7154 Perfect getaway from Katy. My husband and I attended a wedding on Saturday night. Food and room were awesome! Too bad it rained otherwise we would have tried the pool! 
7155 What a great place to stay. Clean super quite and very well located. 
7156 It is localized in the heart of times square!!! The petit room was small, however enough. Big bathroom for Ny's standard. The check in was very fast, nice songs in the lobby!!! 
7157 We have just returned from our annual visit to the Edison Hotel. Again had an absolutely fantastic time again. The hotel staff are so friendly and helpful, especially Catalina. The location is perfect and we look forward to our stay again next year. 
7158 Business Travel is not always the pleasure thing in my career. By staying Hilton Garden Inn, talk to he staff Mr. Domingo comforts my resistance to the business travel. 
7159 I satyed at this hotel and they allowed me to do an early check-in at 8 AM. Nice breakfast, very good location and excellent staff. I would always stay at this hotel when in NY. 
7160 We stayed in this hotel based upon other travellers reviews and were not disappointed. Service, location and price justify the Sofitel's high ranking. Only downside was a poor meal in Gaby restaurant. Would certainly return and recommend to others. 
7161 Always a pleasure staying here. Great location. Can get anywhere in times sq easy. 
7162 Lovely hotel, very modern and clean, and right on the doorstep of Times Square and all the central stations etc. 
7163 Very convenient location. The hotel is very functional, but rooms are somewhat impersonal. The wireless internet worked fine. Service at the restaurant (breakfast) is better than it used to be a couple years ago but still has some room for further improvement. 
7164 The hotel is clean, and the staff was friendly but the breakfast needs some work. I've stayed at a few Homewood Suites and this one needs to learn from the Homewood in Falls Church, VA and cook real eggs. 
7165 The location was great and the price was even better especially for NYC. Our only problem was when we were leaving I had trouble getting my car out of the garage as there was a street festival taking place. 
7166 Stayed for my 40th birthday,had a brilliant time.Sampled the in room dining which was superb.Food was amazing.Staff very helpful and bent over backwards to do all they could.Suites were very comfortable.If back in New York would love to stay again. 
7167 the location is perfect, just some steps to times square, to briant park, to subway stations, to great restaurants, to the theaters. have a friendly staff, it's clean and i had nothing to complain, my stay was perfect there, but would be better if they have a larger room. 
7168 To be downtown Chicago, only a few blocks from Michigan Avenue, have a suite, and have hot breakfast and evening reception - well worth the price of staying at this hotel. Friendly staff. For business or pleasure - a very good choice! 
7169 This hotel is in a great location. The staff was attentive and the room was great--quiet and large by NY standards. I would recommend this to anyone and will definitely return. 
7170 Stayed here during a business trip last year. Square footage in NYC is expensive, but I found my room to be pretty tiny considering the price. There is an attached restaurant. My reservation included a lovely free breakfast that was pretty substantial. 
7171 The entire hotel was a little intimidating when entering on a Saturday night at 2am. (check in) but we learned to love the place over 12 days The SMH review pin pointed the mains points http://m.smh.com.au/travel/hip-on-a-downtown-strip-20111208-1okys.html Would stay there again if given the chance 
7172 Excellent service, helpful staff, room was spotlessly clean and location was great, right in middle of everything we needed 
7173 Good location, close to shopping district, attached to Grand Central station. Staff were, on the whole, very pleasant. This is reasonable value for money. Rooms are quiet, but although my room was spacious, it was a little dark. 
7174 The hotel is few walks away from Magnificent Mile and in the middle of nice restaurants and cafe's. Big, comfortable and very clean rooms. Friendly and efficient staff. Perfect choice for a dowtown hotel. 
7175 Beautiful hotel with a great staff! We enjoyed our stay at Park Central. Perfect location for everything we did while in New York.....Walking to Central Park etc. We ran into Steven Tyler "Aerosmith" on the way back to the hotel one day! 
7176 Really highclass hotel, great rooms and location, great price, well worth the price I give this hotel 5 stars. :) 
7177 Stayed at the Moderne in June 2003 and I would do it again. It's really close to everything and the price is right! 
7178 great location, close to everything Resturant was not great, better to get a doughnut at the cart on the street. Arno's was a great choice for Italian eats. 
7179 Stayed for one night while in Houston. Enjoyed the breakfast, staff was friendly. Rooms spacious. Overall good value. Although I didn't get a chance to use the pool, they have a large atrium and indoor. 
7180 If you're looking to stay in mid-town manhattan there are few places that are both inexpensive and of good value. This is one. While the rooms are small, they're clean and well maintained. And the location can't be beat. All-in-all a great option for someone on the go. 
7181 4 blocks walk to Michigan Ave shops. Usual W decor and feel. Rooms comfy and quiet considering how busy the hotel is. Both rooftop and lobby bars always packed. Fitness and pool very nice. Would recommend. 
7182 Well decorated, clean rooms. The property is in a great location. The gym is well equiped. Sam the gym trainer is incredibly friendly & helpful. 
7183 Great location on Michigan Avenue. Walking distance to all the best restaurants, bars and stores. Across from the John Hancock Building and a block from Water Tower and close to State, Rush and all the fun streets. The rooms were large, quiet and well appointed. The hotel staff was fabulous. 
7184 Our stay there was really nice! Very comfortable bed, nice bathroom, staff were very helpful and friendly. Great location in Downtown Houston! Couldn't ask for anything more...will be back! In fact, didn't want to leave the room! 
7185 Hotel was very clean! Great location in Times Square! Friendly staff! Comfy rooms! Nice but expensive bar! I would have paid twice as much to stay there! 
7186 The hotel matched its reputation - good location, friendly staff, clean and tidy rooms (indeed a bit small, though) and so quiet that we had a great sleep. Location is good as well - 10 mins walk from the Penn Station, if you come from Newark Airport. 
7187 Had a fabulous time at the w hotel with my wife. We had cocktails at the oasis bar and the bartender maryanne was a pleasure to be around. I would highly rate the hotel and service to anyone visiting the new york area! 
7188 Great new hotel! Excellent service, excellent style, and excellent location! I will definitely be staying there again! 
7189 A step away from times square between 6th and 5th Av. close to Broadway and the business district of mid town. Elegant, clean very good service. French flavor, they'll even welcome you in French. Friendly stuff. Rooms are nice and very clean. The restaurant is good and nice. 
7190 This updated hotel in the heart of NYC- 1 block from Empire State Building- on the Korean Way-provides a pleasant atmosphere, FREE breakfast (needs less carbs & more other choices), and the most comfortable beds! Just returned home and we're going to buy one of those beds this week! 
7191 The staff was friendly and nice plus my room was very clean. The first room they put me in was facing 610 which was incredibly noisy. The hotel is in need of a renovation. 
7192 The hotel staff were attentive. Jackie was especially helpful to the Baker-McCray Family Reunion. The free parking was a welcome bonus. We also used public transportation to go downtown to Navy Pier. Everything was outstanding. Love Chicago 
7193 Stayed a week over Easter at this pretty basic hotel. Room was clean and well maintained. Reception personnel were reasonably helpful and (for NYC) friendly. 
7194 Great location to get where we wanted to go, 3 days of non stop sight seeing and shopping. Next time would take a travel kettle though as no facilities in room. 
7195 this was a top hotel for quality, service, friendliness and location, would recommend to anyone and return myself in the future!!!! 
7196 Recommended to this hotel by a family member and it didn't disappoint. We loved the roof top bar with the brilliant views of the Empire State Building. Great atmosphere better in the cooler months when it is not hot and sticky. 
7197 If you want a view- good sized room, clean bathroom and nice staff stay here. Best deal in Manhattan. Room service pricey, if you need a driver ask the doormen for Osama. World class driver. 
7198 Very large, clean room, but the bathroom was dated. Excellent location close to the subway and Central Park. Fantastic deli nearby to get breakfast, lunch or dinner! 
7199 Ottimo Hotel, si trova in una posizione grandiosa anche a due passi dalla metropolitana. Chi si accontenta di avere un bagno in comune deve assolutamente provarlo. La pulizia della camera sempre perfetta ed anche il bagno viene pulito molte volte al giorno. Il personale sempre molto gentile. Very Gooooood 
7200 From the time we stepped into the hotel, we were greeted and treated courteously and promptly. The staff at the check in counter and the staff in the hotel continued the same type of excellent customer service. The hotel rooms were very clean and well designed. 
7201 Great location...clean rooms and good breakfast. Typical New York size rooms but overall great stay. 
7202 The bed was so comfy. Location could be better if your are tourist. The hotel is well decorated and kept. Quiet and relaxing. I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends and revisit this hotel. 
7203 Good location - only 2 blocks from the subway station and 2 blocks from Times Square. Rooms were okay size-wise; not plush but adequate enough. Good restaurant downstairs and friendly staff. Recommended for business and leisure travelers. 
7204 We had booked two nights at the hotel but when we arrived there was apparently no more room! On inquiry we were told that they apparently with the travel agency we booked no longer work together? Don't book this hotel! 
7205 Stayed last week spotless large modern rooms with king bed and sitting area ( was in best western last time old 3/4 bed and could touch the walls from all sides!) double shower cubicle and controllable air con. Fab staff throughout helpful friendly and professional. Great positon. 
7206 Fine sized rooms. Immaculately clean. Friendly helpful staff Within walking distance of all shops, restaurants and theatres in Manhattan. Best of all was the breakfast - the best we've had anywhere in all our travels. We'll definitely be back here. 
7207 We booked this hotel on Hotwire so we didn't know exactly where we were going to stay until we booked. It is wonderful and exceptionally clean. Service was very good. Enjoyed the lobby meeting other people. The beds are wonderful as well as the pillows 
7208 Fitzpatricks Grand central is Honestly a Very good hotel ! I would recommend this to anyone that is going to New York 
7209 Staff: Very ,Very helpful and Lovely 
7210 Room: Excellent 
7211 Wheeltapper bar: Lovely Irish friendly bar 
7212 I give it an Excellent 
7213 It is beyond shabby and the only reason I stayed at this hotel is because I was sick and barely able to function. It is bad bad bad. I would not be surprised if the walls were crawling with rats and the room had bed bugs. It's that bad. 
7214 The location is perfect if you are not leaving the airport--it is actually inside the airport. Otherwise, it is quite average. The rooms are ok, the restaurants are ok. The staff are helpful and friendly. 
7215 What a great place to stay for a business trip! Great ambiance and super comfortable. Much more interesting than the typical places. 
7216 The rooms are very small, but any room I've ever been able to afford in mid-town Manhattan has small rooms. That's the only con. Everything else about this place is top notch including the location and the staff. I'm looking forward to staying here again. 
7217 Had a wonderful time over New Year in this most luxurious of hotels ..... everything they say is true , the service is second to none, the Hotel is gorgeous and the Xmas decorations were beautiful We had no complaints whatsoever and would certainly recommend it to everyone 
7218 This is a very nice hotel in a great location. Everyone was very helpful and friendly. There is no free internet in the rooms, only in the lobby. The only negative. But the rooms are very clean and the beds are very comfy. The location is the best! 
7219 muy buena ubicacion, staff muy amigable, siempre atentos a nuestras necesidades habitaciones grandes, renovadas, cocina completa, muy limpio. ideal para familias, los chicos se sentiran como en casa excelente hotel! 
7220 Nice large room, very well appointed. Great location. I stayed in March when the weather was changing so they had turned off the heat. This made the room a little chilly. But over all a nice stay 
7221 Excellent stay. Room was nice, but small ( it is NYC) Staff was friendly 
7222 The new rooms are breathaking and modern. The decor is beautiful with the tree theme. Very clean and spacious. I even had my own walk in closet and could turn the lights on and off from my bed! Love...love...love! I can't wait to stay here again =) 
7223 In all honesty it was a bit avergae. Tiny rooms, but clean and quite funky. reception was always packed with people sat around. But good location and reasonable price......overall OK. 
7224 We stayed at this hotel for four nights and enjoyed the close proximity to Times Square and the theatre district. The hotel was very nicely decorated and well maintained. 
7225 Our room was a little bit to small for 3 persons, but really nice and clean. Excellent crew, friendly and helpful. My daughter and I enjoyed our free breakfast at the terrace, everyday. We liked to stay at yotel and we will try to come back as soon as possible. 
7226 Like it a lot!!! great place! great stuff! great music and design... I felt myself like in a movie... I recommend this hotel. Great time 
7227 Tiny room with a view of industrial air conditioner. Room was right next to elevator with constant traffic outside. 
7228 I felt cool just walking in. Stump town coffee rocks! 
7229 nice location at one block of Times Square, the hotel was ok, good just a week end... nice room but no curtains so hard to sleep with the BIG sign of the hotel in front of my window... 
7230 This hotel had a nice clean room newly updated. It was a few blocks from mag mile. The service was good. It did not have a workout room or pool. Also some hotels in this class have complimetary breakfast and this did not. 
7231 unico, confortevole,centrale , panorama unico etc etc etc 
7232 Excellent hotel, great location and awesome staff! We had a fantastic experience at a good price, we will definitely be staying at this property again. I have to acknowledge Jules (Bell Staff), Shirly and Laura for really taking the time to make the trip great. 
7233 Stayed here for 3 nights in March 2012. Clean room, good location for main tourist attractions. Staff were extremely helpful, particularly Ms J Villanueva, who provided great local knowledge and quietly arranged a limo for the return journey to the airport. A nice touch. 
7234 Was there for a conference. Although the conference facilities were good, the rooms are really getting quite tired, and the friendliness (or lack thereof) of front desk staff is surely not suited for such a historical hotel. Definitely one of the least favourite hotel I have stayed in the city. 
7235 Holes in furniture, broken buttons on tv, no kettle or coffee in room, no ice achines, spider web of extension cords under desk,missing handles on furniture, and more......l 
7236 Frequent traveler who has stayed at this hotel twice for conventions. Choose to stay for a family trip to Chicago anf was very dissapointed with lack of service from staff and noise from construction/renovations in hotel. Will not stay again at this location when visiting Chicago. 
7237 The service that my sister and I had from the hotel staffs was great. We felt really welcomed! Strategic location, easy to get to Times square, new york public library and the eateries around :) 
7238 Great location, room was very comfortable and the staff all friendly. Nothing bad to say about the hotel, nor did it blow my mind. Recommend staying here. 
7239 Hip place. Not for older crowd. Saw models walking around bar that were topless. Like that! Beds just ok. Location and value good. Will stay again. 
7240 Nice location in the upper east side, quiet neighborhood, bus and subway quite close room booked was a junior suite, with kitchenette, high floor bathroom a little bit small 
7241 Bad outside appearance. Better lobby. Quiet. Clean. Need rules for business center. People need to print boarding passes. 
7242 We enjoyed our stay at the Edison very much. Staff was friendly and efficient. Our room was neat and spacious. The walking distance to most important streets and main attractions in New York is a plus for senior citizens. I would definitely recommend it to family and friends. 
7243 Rooms are teeny-tiny, but comfortable and clean. Staff is friendly and helpful. It is very quiet. Close to the subway. 
7244 i've got some bridges in iowa to sell you.avoid this place at ALL costs. it is a terrible, festering sore that exploits the "sight-unseen" component of internet booking to the fullest. 
7245 have just returned stayed mon to fri .......staff great.,,,,,hotel very clean.....lovely suite.....bed very comfy..good choice at breakfast......ideally situated..especially for theatres...will go back here for sure..a great base to get about next to subway on the bus route and cabs outside. 
7246 Great boutique hotel, friendly staff, in a perfect location for Broadway shows. Room service was excellent! Will definitely consider staying at the Hotel Mela on my next NYC visit. 
7247 With easy access to Broadway, restaurants and the subway is ideal for any stay in NY 
7248 The hotel was clean the front desk staff friendly and helpful. what else do you need?.......... 
7249 This is the 2nd time for my wife and I and we will never stay anywhere else in N.Y. again. The service is excellent, the staff is friendly and the beds are simply the best. There is not a comparable hotel on the upper westside. 
7250 This hotel is located in lower mid town New York City close to Broadway & Madison Square Garden but tucked away so as to be out of the out of the hub bub of pedestrian and taxi traffic. The ambiance is great and the staff couldn't be any more accommodating. 
7251 Location, free breakfast and cleanliness of room rules this theatre district hotel. Staff was very polite and helpful to everyone. Room was small but considering the cost and location well worth it. I will definitely use this hotel again when I return. Pennsylvania transplant to Wisconsin. 
7252 Very good service, fantastic location...beautiful renovated room with nice bathroom... (gold!) - All as expected :) Only the motion sensor lighting was funny part...that's reason why you don't cross housekeepers. Technology ! 
7253 I love your staff -- they were all wonderful and took very good care of our group. Meeting was a huge success and you couldn't have asked for better service. 
7254 Hotel excellent,accueil tres agreable seul bemol la taille des chambres. ideales pour un voyage d'affaires.nous avions beaucoup de bagages et cela est difficilement compatible avec la taille de la chambre.le serieux et la gentillesse du personnel vous incitent a revenir malgre ce petit probleme.idealement situe.insonorise.tres bien 
7255 warning dont stay here! this is why: *bed bugs (see pic) *non english speaking staff *cockroaches *changing prices when chacking in *warm, dusty rooms with no air 
7256 Great place to stay. Very close to all atractions and shopping. Not far from Times Square 
7257 Statue of Liberty can be seen from the room view. Bell Desk is great- Solomon was very helpful to make sure we find a parking for our car. 
7258 stayed in a one bedroomed suite for 4 nights room dated but very clean.Doormen very helpful,delis close by for breakfast .Didn't find new york lunchonette that great.Beds comfortable sofa bed just ok 
7259 This hotel is located 1 block from Times Square. Many places to eat around here. Efficient staff, nice, clean, quiet rooms. Safe and secure. Not much to not like! 
7260 We loved this hotel under promised and over delivered we would stay again. 
7261 Very clean hotel. Hardwood floors instead of questionably clean carpet. Small but efficient room. Comfortable bed with pristine white bedding. Friendly and helpful but unobtrusive staff. Nice, relatively quiet neighborhood with good restaurants. Near the subway and easy to grab a cab. 
7262 I needed to go to Manhattan to work and this hotel was great. Just across the street from the office in Avenue of Americas. I was able to walk to Central Park, to Time Square and all the Brodway Theaters. I love it! 
7263 finally a company that knows how to make a practical green hotel. this place rocks! 
7264 the location was very good to tour New York. The rooms were clean and comfortable. We liked the morning breakfast. The staff was very helpful. They got us a ride to our cruise the day we left. 
7265 Excellent facility and superb customer service. Highly recommended. We regretted having to leave. 
7266 Contemporary hotel with its Arabian taste. Standard room good size, 42 lcd tv, beautiful decor, quiet. Housekeeping staff and service staff great, as well as room service. Has a super bar and rest looking towards Central Park. Will definitely stay here again. Loved it! 
7267 My bf and I decided to go to NYC for Halloween weekend. We decided on this hotel and are so happy that we did. The service was impeccable and the room was wonderful-clean, comfortable, and stylish with excellent amenities! We will definitely be back! 
7268 Worked with Amada for group trip to Chicago. She was great to work with and very flexible with alll the changes that we had. The hotel itself is in a great location. The rooms were nice and clean. Everyone was friendy that we encountered. Would definitely recommend to others. 
7269 we booked 3 rooms , they were clean , reception staff were v.nice , breakfast buffet was good.Hotel location is great ,you can walk to Macy's Galleria ,alot of good resturants are in the same area 
7270 Marriott people do seem to try that bit harder and this hotel was no different. Facilities correct , nothing special. Locality quite mixed ,as near Grand Central Station 
7271 Views on Chrysler building spectacular,at night. 
7272 If you are in NYC arou d the holidays and want a spot near Rockefeller, great dining, and central park...this is a great spot. 
7273 Ottimo hotel, bello e pulito! Grandissima la hall ma purtroppo troppo piccola la sala colazioni (spesso bisogna fare la fila e aspettare il proprio turno). Servizi e colazione buona. Perfetta la posizione a due passi da Central Park e da Times Square. Lo consiglio!!! 
7274 You can't beat the location of the QT. While the room was quite small, the bathroom was expansive (I had a corner room). No frills, but clean and modern. Continental breakfast is included and makes this midtown Manhattan hotel quite a good value. 
7275 This was our first trip to NYC. This hotel was very convenient to Rockefeller Center, Times Square, and the Empire State Bldg. The staff was very friendly and very helpful. The room was very comfortable and very nicely sized and overall the hotel was very clean. We would stay again. 
7276 Smack bang in the middle of everything.Great location,great staff,highly recommend 
7277 Ruime kamers (grote woonkamer en twee aparte slaapkamers met beide een eigen badkamer), goede bedden. De keuken is basic, maar goed, met gasfornuis, oven, koelkast en magnetron. Zeer goede ligging vlak bij Grand Central Station. 
7278 Ottima sistemazione, comoda a tutto a prezzi ragionevoli (se aquistate le molte offerte vantaggiose che si trovano on-line) 
7279 Loved the design of the rooms! Small, but not to crowded. 
7280 Can't be more centrally located than this. Very close to Grand Central. Room was actually bigger than many I have stayed in in NYC. Even had a couch. Cool lobby. Would stay again. 
7281 Had a very bad experience at the Loews in New Orleans..but the staff there handled the situation very well. Gave me two free nights at the Loews in New York. Beautiful hotel..excellent service. Love New York. 
7282 Great hotel, nice staff. The rooms were big and clean. location was great , near empire state building. We booked a normal size room but got much more in my opinion , a regular suite. we 'll be back here again. 
7283 We spent three nights at the Travel Inn in early Dec 2005. We found it to be a very comfortable, clean and good value hotel.The bedrooms were much bigger than we anticipatd. It is very convenient for sightseeing in New York. We can recommend the Deli next door for breakfast. 
7284 Really this is one of the best hotels I've stayed at in NY. Great lobby, excellent staff, great bar. Location couldn't be better, well, it could be but for the location, its great. Will always return if they keep up the service and quality. 
7285 This hotel was perfect for us - whilst the room was small (although - for new york standards perhaps it was big!) the bed was very comfortable and it had everything we needed. Staff were very friendly and the hotel is in a great, central location. No complaints at all. 
7286 Bathrooms are dated and small. TV is old and room wireless in not available. Revolving restaurant food selection is poor. Bottom line is hotel needs update. 
7287 No complaints! Great room. Great staff. Einstein's Bros Bagels open from 4am to 1 am everyday with always fresh coffee. What more could you ask for? 
7288 Staff member Ali, was super friendly. Made me feel welcomed and gave me advise on sights to see in the local area. Defiantly coming back. 
7289 Fantastic: within walking distance to Time Sq and same block as the Metro;, clean and spacious room and friendly staff; kitchenette. Bad: noisy construction and street traffic; double beds that are too small/impossible to share. A tad expensive $300/nt. 
7290 I couldn't believe a hotel in this state was allowed to trade!! Just awful - dirty and dated rooms. The only redeeming feature is the hotel's central location but it's still not worth putting yourself through the horror of it all!! 
7291 Clean, decent-sized room. Nice view of the city (State St.). The people there were friendly and helpful. THey have a Starbucks downstairs and are linked to some gift shops, etc. through the south exit. 
7292 Netter Service, sauberes Zimmer, super Lage. 
7293 This hotel's location and concierge are excellent, and our room was very recently redecorated -- modern, clean and even with down comforters and pillows. A real pleasure! 
7294 Have stayed here a few times, very nice older hotel, rooms are clean and nicely decorated. Service at the bar is great and breakfast in the restaurant was very good. Great value for the money, perfect location downtown. 
7295 I love staying at Fairmont hotels, because I know that I'm going to be staying at a quality hotel that values service, comfort, and a bit of style. The Fairmont Chicago doesn't disappoint. The city views are an added bonus. 
7296 dopo aver lasciato l'hudson hotel con le sue camere minuscole ed il personale arrogante ed ignorante siamo arrivati in questi bell'hotel! camera "base" enorme con bagno turco personale, posizione ottima, personale gentile ed assai discreto. lo consigliamo. 
7297 Located within walking distance to most all the sites. My daughter was playing in he Macy's parade and we were able to walk right out the door and see the parade 
7298 I stayed at the Novotel hotel for 12 nights, in my first time in NYC and I could'nt ask for more! We celebrated the New Year on the hotel balcony, great view to Times Square! 
7299 This hotel is perfectly located in SoHo. The hotel staff are by far the most friendliest in NYC and possibly the whole US. The rooms are small, but then most are in NYC. Free WiFi was great too. 
7300 I have stayed in many NYC hotels. This is the best so far for location,comfort,cleanliness and especially the price booked with an online site. Quiet neighborhood with good restaurant bars close by, especially an Irish bar a few blocks away that serves good food. 
7301 Nice stay - especially with the 12 hour work days. Very comfortable - good room service and professional staff. 
7302 Stayed there 4 nights and the last morning a rat ran under the door and around the room. Came back from working one evening and the door was ajar. Another evening the key would not work. Filthy, filthy, filthy. The management did nothing. 
7303 Every staff member we encountered at this hotel was friendly, warm, welcoming & helpful! The location was perfect - just a few blocks from Times Square. Our room was great - clean & well equipped. I would definitely stay here again if in New York. 
7304 The location was perfect for walking around Manhattan. The rooms were really nice and updated. I had a fabulous breakfast in the restaurant. No complaints! 
7305 Be sure to visit the guest services desk when you stay at this wonderful hotel. Annmara, Leslie and Sanela are gracious and experienced. They will help you with future travel plans, arranging your rooms, directing you to the appropriate personnel, and making your stay a pleasant one. Kudos to them! 
7306 great location rooms are small but very clean nice little bar on roof. handy little breakfast room for coffee in the morning before you hit the streets 
7307 Un hotel con una inmejorable ubicacion, un muy buen precio, habitacion comoda le falta mantenimiento, mejor terminado y mantenimiento, personal amable y buena disposicion para resolver inconvenientes.. Una altenativa muy buena Felicitaciones Buen complemento para una ciudad magica 
7308 Check in line was long but they added more staff. Rooms are small but nicely decorated. Bathrooms border on closet size. Customer service really non-existent except for valet staff who seemed to be the only people glad to see us. 
7309 Couldn't ask to be in a bertter location. You can see Times Square from many rooms. Quite clean. Room larger than expected. Very quiet at night. Staff very pleasant. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again. 
7310 This hotel is fantastic with decor that will wow you. It is simply sheer luxury, in a fantastic location. Would go back tomorrow! Please! 
7311 Thank you Antonio and Alberto!! You guys made our trip perfect. Loved everything. Thanks again. 
7312 Good location, fabulous rooms. Welcoming and helpfull front desk staff. What a shame it was let down by the breakfast buffet staff ! They were unwelcoming and downright unbelievably rude with sloppy service , however food was reasonable. Best to stay at the hotel and obviously have breakfast elsewhere. 
7313 Very nice hotel (slightly older), although rooms are a good size and very clean. Hotel is in the heart of times square. Great if staying with family, we had a great time in times square and lots of shows/theatres nearby. Very friendly and helpful staff. 
7314 Went here on a tip from a friend about the restaurant and wasn't disappointed, nice contemporary menu and what I ordered was simple but delicious. Staff were friendly and helpful, service was good. 
7315 Very cool. Hip and very New York. Lots of history. Not to mention, great rates, great rooms, and clean and comfy beds. Great service. 
7316 We stayed here during our first trip to New York and the hotel was conveniently located, clean, nicely decorated. The room was small, but we expected that. This was a great hotel, especially for the price compared to others. I would stay here again. 
7317 I was very pleased with my stay at the Edison Hotel. Room was clean, staff was friendly and professional, great location to Times Square. I would definitely stay at the Edison Hotel again! 
7318 Decided to write a review as i chose this hotel based on the reviews on here, and i can confirm it is as good as the reviews suggest. 5 mins from empire state building, 10 from times square, clean, friendly service, nice rooms etc. would highly recommend. 
7319 Herald Square Hotel located in the center of Manhattan has an excellent location, very close to a subway station. The bathroom was very clean and large, nicely decorated. The room was also nice. Good choice for both business and leisure travelers. 
7320 nice and quiet place to stay in the heart of the city. very comfortable bed. tiny room and bathroom, but typical for Manhattan. close to many great restaurants and shopping. as well as close enough to Broadway to walk to a show. 
7321 I was pleasantly surprised at how nice this hotel is. The lobby is warm and inviting and the rooms are very clean. The bathroom was large with a very nice tub. The included breakfast was excellent with wonderful cinnamon rolls. This is really a good value for a nice property. 
7322 In this Hotel I radomly for over five years. My opinion is one of the best hotels at list in this area The service is excellent, very clean, and the personell very polite and nice. I recommend to everyone. 
7323 One of the nicest hotels in NYC for its price range. Not a Ritz Carlton, but, it's not meant to be either. Rennovated in last few years. VERY convenient to NY destinations/landmarks and being in middle of Times Square is a definite plus for eating, taxis, etc. 
7324 Location was excellent. Beds were very comfortable. Nice linens and toiletry line. Loved the longe! Very friendly & professional environment to be in. Would stay there again. 
7325 THis hotel was very clean and was very conveniently located. The breakfast included was quite plentiful and had many choices. 
7326 Perfect location to Times Square Nice guy at reception caleld Jason, he is very helpful and gave us alot of advices and help. Also Luggage Porters were very helpful 
7327 exelente, la limpieza y sobre todo el servicio a cuarto, y en restaurant muy buenos 
7328 It was the second time to stay at the Doubletree Suites in Times Square. We choose it again for its great location. The staff was great. The rooms we were in need to be updated a bit, the tile is beginning to crack. 
7329 Enjoyed our stay - excellent staff. Good location. And very reasonable parking just across the street (which will save you the $45 per day valet parking offered by the hotel). 
7330 Good location - bus routes and subway close by. Plenty of restaurant opportunities. Reasonable buffet breakfast. Very helpful staff. Large clean rooms with all you need. Small comfortable lounge. Coffee etc available during daytime If I am in Chicago again I will return here. 
7331 Had a super stay at the hotel, great service, rooms and staff indeed this hotel was the only good thing about New York. 
7332 Restaurants on first floor. Shor (very nice) closes for breakfast at 11:00 a.m. Best beds ever!!! 26th floor nice view. 
7333 Walking distance to 42nd Street/Port Authority subway station which connects up with most subway train lines. Comfortable rooms. We stayed in winter, so couldn't utilise the pool. Would be great fun in the summer. 
7334 This was Avery nice hotel for a weekend in NY. I booked through qwikbook and it was a great value. The rooms are small, to be sure, but the bed is comfortable, the bathroom perfectly nice. I would happily stay there again. 
7335 This hotel was great and very unique. It is also in an ideal location. The employees are outstanding especially the friendly doorman Brian! 
7336 Perfect location to take in all of NYC. Superior service; clean, modern hotel/room. 
7337 This location is great. Not too busy but near enough to some great Restaurants a high end shops. The hotel is neat while somewhat small bathrooms, the beds are comfortable and the ambient noise level on the higher floors is low. 
7338 The room was mediocre at best, and the bathroom was TINY. Everything seemed run down, and you could hear EVERYTHING in every room nearby. The photos of this place are extremely deceiving. 
7339 Needed a hotel close to Times Square for a one night stay. The location was perfect. The room was wonderful, we were upgraded to a one bedroom suite. We had a delightful breakfast at the bistro next door. Would stay there again and highly recommend. 
7340 This hotel is on a great new york spot. Just 2 blocks away from Time Square and 3 blocks from Central Park. 
7341 Love this hotel! Have stayed here twice now and had a great time both visits! Rooms are small but well laid out. Fab location. Bar is great but the service sucks...very slow. Lifts are really slow too. for a central NY hotel the rooms are quiet and thats a bonus! 
7342 A beautiful setting along heavily treed creek. Nicely appointed rooms, outstanding food in the restaurant. Spa facilities are also a good deal, 3 pools to cjoose from. We will definitely return. 
7343 Good lacation for Broadway and theatres, not a bad place 
7344 The hotel experience was wonderful. Room was small but comfortable. The staff was truely professional. The location is perfect. Everything is in close walking distance. (Empire State Building - Times Square - Madison Square Garden - Penn Station - Subways) 
7345 The Hilton Garden Inn was great place to stay. The manager Safet made sure we a pleasant stay. In the morning we had a great breakfast. Domingo M and Maria R. made us feel like we were at home. Those two really go out of the way to help you. 
7346 Hotel moderne et agreable. Bien situe vs Magnificent miles a 10 min a pied. Plage (lac) toute proche. Attention , la salle de bain est "intregree" a la chambre avec porte coulissante et volets. Sympa mais intimite limitee. Buffet petit dej un peu cher. Business center payant. 
7347 Our family six wonderful evenings at the Hilton New York. The staff were very helpful and responsive to our needs. We will definitely plan to stay here on our next visit to New York City. 
7348 Both concierge Victor and Jackie were extremely helpful! I'd definitely recommend this hotel to friends. 
7349 Reasonable value for NY, that is, a good Gym. Very central for shopping and sightseeing. Great hamburger in bar! 
7350 Lovely little hotel, the staff were friendly, efficient and extremely helpful. The rooms were small but cosy and exceptionally clean and comfortable. The breakfast was superb, with plenty of choice. Great location too! I cannot recommend this hotel enough and would definitely stay here again 
7351 The hotel is located in a great area within walking distance of shops , entertainment and food! Rooms are clean and the staff is great - had one problem with check-in - but was not a big problem. Would recommend to any for a stay! 
7352 My husband & i stayed there for 2 days (Aug 07). The hotel lift was old & slow, the cabinet & bathroom doors were spoilt, bathroom look eerie, bathtub even had stains. And there were cockroach in the room..... 
7353 This hotel was CLEAN The Korean take out down the street was open 24/7 and always had hot fresh food (pumpkin soup to die for!!) Everyone that worked here was very helpful. I plan on staying again in Feb 2007 with my 13 year old. 
7354 LA PRESTATION DU PETIT DEJEUNER EST GENIALE. HOTEL A DIX STATIONS DE METRO DE TIME SQUARE MAIS TRES BIEN SITUE POUR DES PETITS RESTAURANTS SYMPAS LES CHAMBRES SONT PETITES MAIS LE PERSONNEL EST A L ECOUTE 
7355 Very nice poeple, good hotel, clean, not far from downtown with a great gym. Prices were also very good, I highly recommand this place. 
7356 Excellent! A great value on the Upper East side. Parking is available right next door. Friendly, courteous staff; I'd stay there again in a heartbeat! 
7357 Beautiful hotel with a great location. Walking distance to everything! I can't wait to go back. 
7358 I Stayed at this hotel for five nights and I have to say it is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. I could find anything wrong with it and me and a couple of mates are already looking to go back there next year. 
7359 The Lucerne is a very comfortable, clean and pleasant hotel. It is excellently located just one block from the subway and about two from Central Park. Climate control is excellent. The hotel restaurant next door is also excellent. All of the personnel were efficient and very pleasant. 
7360 Great room (a suite) and great service. TImes Square is a little nutty, but you can't beat the mid-town location. We'll be back. Thanks W. 
7361 Great location fine rooms and service. Apart from minor air conditioning issue, where room was changed all was fine. 
7362 Via Expedia dit hotel geboekt. Hotel is zeer netjes, keurig verzorgd, Ligging is mooi centraal op 8th Ave. Het hotel heeft een restaurant beneden wat 24 uur open is. Super. Het personeel is zeer beleefd en bereid om alles te doen. Echt een aanrader 
7363 Stayed here in Sept 2011. Great SW Houston location. Freindly staff and they welcome pets. I thought the hotel showed a slight bit of aging, but nothing major. I would stay here again. A very good value and breakfast is included. 
7364 Location was excellent and rooms were very nice. Loved the overall experience. Would have to say though that the lack of being able to print boarding passes, lack of consistent delivery of solid doormen services were a bit disappointing...but overall great value and great location. 
7365 This hotel had no negatives that we could see. It was friendly, clean and helpful. The breakfast buffet was plentiful, and had the location is great. We felt it was a good value considering a very busy time of the year to travel to New York City. 
7366 Great hotel. OUTSTANDING service...very accommodating. Value far exceeds other hotels (I am in NYC often). Will definitely return! 
7367 That's it really; it's "nice"! There's nothing particularly good about it and nothing particularly bad it's just "nice" and frankly I expect rather more from a 5 Star hotel than that; I expect some WOW somewhere and this hotel just doesn't do it. 
7368 Horribly rude and disinterested staff, inattentive management, and vastly overpriced for the product received. Would not stay there again even if they invited me for free. 
7369 hotel was comfortable, clean and located right across 7th from penn station/MSG. So if you want a decent place midtown it's fine. Not the most up to date inside. Needs a good paint job, re-carpeting, etc... Check in was ok - no issues. 
7370 We spent 2 niights at the doubletee suites in time square. Suite was adequate size for me, wife and 2 samll children. Very clean and modern, friendly service. Would stay here again 
7371 Fantastic stay, stayed here for a few days before thanksgiving Spotlessly clean and the breakfast was a welcome surprise 
7372 We arrived early to Chicago hoping to leave the luggage in the hotel... but the room was already available, even at 10:30am! The location couldn't be better, and the service was amazing. 
7373 Staff was very friendly and helpful. Room was comfortable and well designed. Restaurant was elegant and expensive - especially for breakfast. Terrific location. 
7374 Room the width of a good TV, clean but no: closet, safe, refrigerator and only modestly quiet with view requiring you to keep window shades drawn. Breakfast acceptable, not included in room rates. 
7375 We came in from Dallas for my sons prom. The staff and service was wonderful will be staying over the Memorial Day weekend this is a 4 star hotel for sure..... 
7376 Popped in for a look during a morning walk. Spent about 10-15 minutes admiring the lobby etc. Security and other staff on duty. Preparations under way for breakfast. Most impressed with the decor. Remember to say "G'day" to the staff. 
7377 This was my third stay. Rooms well appointed and good sized. Nice bar menu and staff. Iced tea and fig newtons at reception a nice touch. Food very good. Setting around the museums nice, but scarcely anything to walk to, tho' ZaZa does offer a ride service. Will stay again. 
7378 Generally, a good stay. Central location on side street just east of Grand Central. Pros: homey room; excellent housekeeping; nice linens/towels Cons: officious service; staffing of front desk is spotty; no ice machine (need to call room service); bed too soft 
7379 Staff is so friendly. Especially the bell boy Marcin, he was kind enough to shoe me some magic tricks he happened to know. He was up beat and definitely reflected the true spirit of new Yorkers 
7380 I will definitely stay here again. The rooms are small, but they are like brand new, very cozy, modern, and clean. Check in and out was quick and efficient. Great location - I walked from the Pod Hotel to Times Square and Grand Central Terminal. 
7381 This was our first time staying in NYC and it was an awesome stay. Unfortunately we weren't in the room much but the accomodations were unbelieveable. 
7382 Nice hotel in a great midtown location. Staff was very friendly and acommodating. Would definitely recommend to others. Looking forward to staying at The Benjamin again. 
7383 I honestly don`t know why the reviews are so negative for this hotel! ... if you go to New York you are going to spend very little time in the hotel! ... If you want a well priced base in an excellent location this is a great hotel. 
7384 The first time I visited New York. Me and my wife are enchanted. Roosevelt is really above average and the location is the best. Nearby 5th and Times Square. You can walk to Empire State, Rockefeller Center, Broadway. Good Service and nice people. 
7385 Great hotel for a weekend in New York CIty with friends! Have stayed here twice and would stay here again. 
7386 The staff aim to please and try very hard to keep you happy. The location is ideal, every thing is in walking distance and you do get value for your money. I am planning on going back in October 2010. 
7387 Stayed 2 nights for Macys parade..2 adults & a 2 1/2 yr old...great location...clean and comfortable..nice city view from 64th floor! :) would definitely stay again. If I had 1 complaint it would be the $65 per night parking...That should be a 1 time fee. 
7388 Awesome service, all remodeled rooms, comfy bed,,, no worry';s! 
7389 Very small room, but 1 block from Time Square. Very, very clean and the shower pressure was great. For a 1 or two night stay with no more then two people, I would do it again. Staff was very nice. Just a perfect location! 
7390 very nice and clean food within walking distance and a drug store on the corner. free shuttle to md anderson and helpful empoylees to make you stay nicer. they even had the air on so the room was cool when i got in. 
7391 spotlessly clean, lovely large, quiet rooms, comfy beds, friendly attentive staff, breakfast delivered to our room every morning, Park ave on our doorstep, Central park a short walk away...what more could we ask for? highly recommended 
7392 I was pretty used to Hilton when going to Manhattan but this hotel has really surprised me. Fast check in and out, wonderfully suites and espetacular location. Breakfast $$$ above average but you are plenty of options around the hotel. Will be back for sure. 
7393 Comfort, privacy, and luxury--all within walking distance to everywhere I needed to go on my last business trip to NYC. I'll be back. 
7394 Great location, totally renovated. Very friendly staff, room is spacious and view was awesome ! 
7395 We had a few issues with reservations due to Expedia. Javonne, at the reception desk, handled the problem and was very polite and efficient. We commend him for his great customer service. 
7396 Great atmosphere and view! I love the location of this hotel!!! One of the few hotels left in NYC that have great service! However, price was a bit high for what it offers. Other than that, I would recommend this hotel to my friends. Thank you Sofitel! 
7397 Just a great hotel for manhattan! The other reviewers are bang on so I won't add anything that's not needed. All i need to add is starbucks at one end of the block and double d at the other! Woo hoo. 
7398 I've stayed at numerous Hilton properties in nyc, this one was small. That is to be expected in the city, but the flow of traffic in front of elevators is way too crowded. Breakfast was just eh. The Hampton located in Times Square North was nicer and better location. 
7399 This "club" property is superbly located in mid-town New York. The hotel was clean, quiet, and comfortable. The staff was extremely helpful and professional. High quality furnishings and amenities. 
7400 I don't understand how anyone could dislike the service in this place. For us, it was impeccable from start to finish. Yes, the rooms are a bit on the funky side design-wise. But it is the coolest elevator ride in New York! 
7401 Lovely European elegance and charm. Great location-between Park and Madison-excellent shopping nearby. Room itself wonderful and comfortable. Bulgari bath products-large bathroom-comfortable bed-mini wet bar included refrigerator drawers stocked with nice goodies-service excellent and attentive-great quick room service. Will return. 
7402 The staff was great and the quality was top notch! It was the most romantic weekend we have ever had. The food was phenomenal. The rooms are adorable!! We only wish that our stay could have been longer. We will most certainly return the icon, hopefully again and again! 
7403 This Hotel is Quality First Service. You will NOT be disappointed. The Staff is accomadating. The rooms are comy, cozy roomy. The Pool is amazing as well as the hot tub. The Location is awesome!!! Many resturants in the area. The Managment is OUTSTANDING!!! 
7404 Stayed at this hotel for four nights, Good value for New York, Would definitely stay again - in fact will be booking for next year. Already recommended to others 
7405 We just returned from California where we statyed at the Four Seasons in Beverly Hills. The Four seasons was absolutely lovely, luxurious with a very professional and friendly staff. We needed adjacent rooms and the hotel was extremely accomodating. The beds were very comfortable too. 
7406 Loved the hotel. Kind and friendly staff. They baked cookies every day. The location of the hotel is super. Definitely come back 
7407 The comfiest hotel beds. Responsive and helpful staff. Fab little italian restaurant 2 doors down. Doormen in particular were very helpful. 17 floors so ideal for height-phobes. Great free online check in and boarding pass printing business centre downstairs. 
7408 The bathrooms were showing age, beds very comfortable. Rooms small but that's New York. The staff were very nice. Location is good. Had no problem with any noise from the street. Slept like a baby. Overall very happy with my stay, 
7409 Tiny rooms, bad facilities. First the electricity didn't work. now the air conditioning doesn't work and we woke up to a cold morning. They consider room for barely one person as if they fit for 2. Don't stay 
7410 smallish room but very clean.helpful,personable staff.lots of good stuff nearby 
7411 Small but efficient and spotless room. Was upgraded at check-in and got into room early. Good service on several requests. TV remote was missing but they sent one right up. 
7412 I will always stay at this and all Kimpton hotels. I did usually have to wait 10-30 minutes for any room service request, but even so, I loved this hotel. The wine happy hour was divine. Everyone was always so friendly as well. 
7413 Meget bra hotell, utmerket service, hyggelig (unntatt resepsjonen ved ankomst) - dyrt, men verdt prisen om du virkelig skal kose deg. Utmerket beliggenhet - 2 min til 5th Ave og 10 min gange til Times Square. Vi kommer tilbake! 
7414 From the moment we arrived, The Setai provided a great expeience. If only all hotels could be this great. The rooms, the amenities...all first class! 
7415 molto elegante, servizio ottimo, camere enormi e vista sulla catedrale magnifica! posizione centrale.......ci andro' ancora senza dubbio 
7416 This is the third time I stay at this location and once again I had a great stay! The staff is always friendly and willing to accomodate my special requests. It feels like home! 
7417 luxury, high class service, The most comfortable bed I have EVER slept in in my lifetime. A true gift to rest in this bed. 
7418 While I visited the w hotel NY, I went to their Oasis bar and was treated liked royalty by Maryanne who is a bartender there. She made my feel great about my visit into the big apple. I was at the oasis bar Monday October 4 2010. Maryanne was great! 
7419 Cute hotel, lovely hotel bar, pool was wonderful, but very noisy room. Doors in the hallway have no springs and literally slammed closed all night long. Changed rooms and the same thing, slamming doors all freaking night long. Five nights of zero sleep. I would never stay here again. 
7420 Beautiful lobby, the room is okay, the bed is comfy, the bathroom is very small and old, no coffee maker, I will not stay here again, there are plenty of hotels in NYC with better price and more updated, people in the front desk are not too friendly, arrogant!! 
7421 We stayed on the Grand Level while in town to see the city highlighted for Christmas. Amazing hotel, amazing room. Fantastic! 
7422 The hotel is very well located, and for the price it is worth. Friendly front desk personal and staff. Breakfast is included, room was comfortable, with good TV and quite quiet. Internet connection worked well. I would come back again. 
7423 It was a very nice stay! Good price/quality. We will recommend the hotel to friends! The rooms were quit large in comparison of other hotels in new york! 
7424 location - great, front desk - okay, no elevator - expected, bedroom filthy -horrid, since I was booked for the week and no extra funds, I bought cleaning supplies and cleaned it myself, apparently maids do not like to climb steps! I was on 5th floor. 
7425 Very good position of Hotel close to metro. Room large and clean with all comforts ( coffe and tea machine). Modern stile but comfortable. Reception with free internet connection. it is suggested for business or holiday. 
7426 Big room, good service, good food, a wonderful and superb hotel close to everything, if it can be little closer to the subway...it will be perfect (is a mile tunnel to the subway from the hotel), I will stay there again. 
7427 We have stayed at the Cass Hotel seven times over past six years. It is very clean and staff is friendly and responsive. Location in North Bridge area off Magnificent Mile, great restaurants, "L" stations and can't be beat for the price. Highly recommended. 
7428 Nice hotel!It has a yummy breakfast with croissants, jelly, chocolate, milk and all that good stuff!!The rooms were clean, had a very good bathroom (good conditions) and most of all is really well located. 
7429 Excellent value. Rooms are efficient and have all necesarry equipment, such as hair dryer, iron and ironing board. 
7430 Buon Hotel, stanze grandi e senza moquettes, panoramico con vista sul fiume hudson e ponte illuminato, terrazza fantastica. Comodo per visitare NY centrale ma lontano dal caos. Consiglio questo hotel anche a famiglie 
7431 Ok, so it's not in the best part of downtown but the bus stops right in front of the hotel and within 5-10min you're in the heart of Chicago... Great hotel, courteous staff, very clean..... Priceline, $80. 
7432 Staff was extremely helpful and went out of their way to accommodate us. I would definitely recommend this hotel (and already have) to others. An excellent location and the rooms were very nice and roomy. I would definitely stay here again! 
7433 We visit family in Houston area every month. My wife and I are handicapped and the staff is wonderful. Pet friendly. Clean rooms. Indoor pool. Excellent breakfast. All at a great price. Recommend this place highly to all travelers 
7434 This hotel is situated near Broadway and Times Square - really great location especially if you don't want to take subway all day long. Staff is nice and our room was very spacious. We will definitely stay at the same hotel while returning to NYC!!! 
7435 Beautiful old hotel. Very clean. Room was small but efficient. Bathroom, towels and sheets comfy. Could use some new carpeting. 
7436 This is a great stay. Clean. We didn't stay in the room that much but it slept well. Walks right out to Times Square. 
7437 From arrival to departure all went well. Rooms are well apointed and location is fantastic. 
7438 I've never heard of a nice hotel in Times Square for a mere $200 a night. That's crazy! I'll stay here again and again. Very nice property. Room was clean, modern and comfortable with work space. What a deal! 
7439 Small room and a bit tight. but still a place to stay as it is in manhatten and the price very reasonable. 
7440 couldn't fault it... complimentary coffee and relaxed feel.... rooms light and good size for NY. mine was a cooper3 size. all in all would go back... 
7441 Like every part of the hotel, except the dark and cold restaurant, the bar with no people and rather small (but ok)rooms. Love the hotel forest/wood theme, but would like to see an up to date hotel, newt time I stop by. Thanks. 
7442 Can't say enough good things about this hotel! Location is great, rooms are great and staff is great. Have been to NYC 3 times previously and this is the best place we have stayed by far. Can't wait to go back! 
7443 Diane at the front desk was very helpful for guidance regarding traveling and information. When I was comotose first thing in the morning she aided me in finding a bus route and basic amenities. 
7444 I truly enjoyed my stay at the Hilton Garden Inn. The staff were so helpful and friendly..Most importanly of all..I enjoyed breakfast every morning,..I was greeted by a very pleasant Domingo who never failed to put a smile on my face..:) 
7445 Hotel clean and tidy bedrooms the same, staff very helpful managers happy hour great idea gave a chance to interact with other hotel guests, breakfast selection good and tasty. Would stay again if in area many thanks to all the staff. K. Chambers. 
7446 This hotel is very well maintained, the staff is very friendly and accommodating. Room sizes are little larger than expected for a NYC hotel. Love the rooftop bar! 
7447 the only thing good about this hotel was the staff- its old and out dated, stink, dusty, and the rooms are very small - I would not recommend my dog to stary there 
7448 Travelled with wife and 2 Young kids. From check in to valet, to business center to room service to the waiter we had for breakfast everyone bent over backwards to make our stay special. We also slept like bears 
7449 This is a very nice place to stay. Staff is friendly, location is great and rooms are nice and clean. We changed our reservation just a week in advance and there were no problems. I would definitively stay here again. 
7450 Veramente un ottimo hotel. Bellissima la posizione: si raggiunge tutta NY in un attimo. Ottimo il servizio: reception, deposito bagagli, concierge assolutamente eccellenti. Spaziosa e pulita la camera. 
7451 El hotel es viejo , sus habitaciones son amplas y las camas comodas 
7452 La atencion del personal es pesima 
7453 Ignoran al huesped 
7454 I have stayed at this hotel a number of times and have never been disappointed. Jennie Diaz at the front desk always seems to remember me and is so pleasant. The location is good and the rooms are VERY large. Will stay here again. 
7455 On the Ave was clean, and conveniently located on the Upper West Side. The staff was professional and helpful; Maria at the front desk is a delight. 
7456 The best location in NYC, great service, friendly staff, average prices. The room was really small, the bed was big and the shower worked properly. I think It's an excellent choice at all. I'd definitely recommend it. We've been there for a week last june. 
7457 The location, service and room quality were excellent. They also have an excellent gym that far exceeds that of other high end hotels I have stayed in.The staff was genuinely friendly and interested in making sure we got what we wanted in the best possible fashion. 
7458 I stay at this hotel a couple of times a year because it is convenient, reasonably priced, and comfortable. The staff is friendly and goes out of its way to be helpful. The continental breakfast is an additional plus! The rooms are small, but they are well appointed and clean. 
7459 de locatie was echt super!! lopen naar Times Square, lopen naar Central Park, lopen naar 5th Ave. Kamers zijn niet super groot, maar hebben een goed bed, goede douche en zijn netjes & schoon. Kortom alles wat je nodig hebt. 
7460 Excellent location, good restaurants, high-quality service, the swimming pool is really good but small though. If you get stuck in Los Angeles for all weekend this is the best place to be. I also liked live music in the restaurant. 
7461 This hotel is not only at the airport but is very nice. The staff are great and the gym is top notch. 
7462 Busy W, but nice. Food and service was good, not awesome. There are definitely nicer W hotels. The lobby is spectacular. The breakfast at IPO was delightful. The rooms were decent but disappointing in comparison to newer W hotels. 
7463 I had previously stayed in the other Hilton which is close to central park and is in a different league to this one. I got a small single room. Location is good for business meetings in midtown. Otherwise nothing great. 
7464 Very nice hotel. We were on the 14 th floor and heard no street noise whatsoever. Nice sized bathroom and very nice amenities. 
7465 Stayed one night at this property. Check-in was easy. Cookies were delicious. The bed was comfortable. I thought the carpet and furniture were slightly worn. 
7466 Great stafff, rooms, location, towels and beds. They're even baby friendly. They brought up a crib, stored my car seat and helped me baby-proof the room. 
7467 As noted in other reviews, the rooms are small, but clean and quiet. The staff wasn't particularly friendly, but not unfriendly either. The pub restaurant on premises was excellent. The location was ideal, located close to train and bus routes. 
7468 I stayed in a mini suite. Beautiful room. Amazing service. Location is great you can walk everywhere, lots of good local spots around. Plus the food was really good :) 
7469 Stayed here for 5 day loved that it was out of town a bit felt like we got to know a local side to New York loved the breakfasts and the rooms were lovely and quiet. Excellent concierge too!! 
7470 Really can't beat The Benjamin. The pillows alone make you want to come back. Bathrooms are all marble, beds sooo comfortable. The staff always welcomes us back. Can't wait to return. 
7471 I just stayed there this past Friday night April 30th, the rooms are very nice and the Service is great!! the prices were also very reasonable!! Mr. Wolf 
7472 Staff is very friendly , convinience of kitchen is great. This is the BEST option FOR its PRICE RANGE , I have stayed in several hotels in the houston medical area, and this is the only one we have come back to beacuse of the service. 
7473 We stayed at Ink48 for 4 nights in November. The hotel is very modern, very clean and in a great location. We would highly recommend Ink48. 
7474 We stayed at this hotel mid August for 4 nights and we were very happy with the location, standard of cleanliness in the room and the best part was the panoramic views of New York from the room! Outstanding! We would definitely stay there again. 
7475 We visit Manhattan monthly and stay at different hotels. Including the Waldorf et el. We love the Surrey. Professional and polite staff. Incredible beds and showers. Tasteful and spacious rooms. I encountered no street noise and I'm a light sleeper. Nice quiet neighborhood 
7476 A very nice hotel with very friendly and helpful staff. Prices are much higher during Fashion week, like all hotels in the area. I would definitely stay here again, even if I don't care that Macy's is across the street. 
7477 What a great place! Beautiful hotel, comfy rooms, lots of amenities. Workout facilities were top of the line with indoor pool overlooking Lake Michigan. 
7478 Exellent hotel - perfect location, excellent luxurious large rooms with lurvely duvets, huge marble bathrooms, lovely brasserie downstairs, courteuos staff. Stayed here for a month in August 2003 when it first opened - what a wonderful experience. Times square and Lexington are just a stonesthrow away. 
7479 I stayed in this hotel early March. All i have to say is Oh My God! The service was amazing! The room was beautiful! Great location! Highly recommend this hotel! I cannot emphasize enough how good the customer service was. Absolutely impeccable! 
7480 Obviously caters to one timer tourists who come to the theater district. Lousy value for the price unless you consider that close to $400 a night entitles you to paper plates and cups and absolutely no service. 
7481 Found staff to be pleasant and helpful. Excellent location. Room spacious and very clean, but front facing rooms can be noisy. 24 hour coffee a great bonus! Would return to this hotel. 
7482 Een goed hotel. Heeft ook een fitness afdeling. Er was een klein minpunt: internet werkte niet op de kamer. Voor een internet verbinding moet betaald worden. Aardig personeel, elke dag werd de kamer schoon gemaakt. Wel is het hotel aan onderhoud toe, echter de prijs, atmosfeer enlocatie zijn erg goed! 
7483 Excellent hotel, French style. One of the best I've stayed in Manhattan. Breakfast is awesome and the waiters extremely attentive. Toitelleries from L'Occitane and a Bose sound system in the room. Go for it. 
7484 you couldnt ask for a better location with this hotel, time square on 1 side and central park on the other. hotel itself is fine, lobby area is lovely, rooms are abit dated but does it really matter when your in NYC? staff very pleasant and helpful. 
7485 Love this hotel for its character and ambience. Rooms are beautiful and roomy- suites are a great bargain. Staff is very helpful and family friendly. Cute bar and rooftop bar. You can't beat this location! 
7486 Great hotel, great location and excellent, helpful staff. Clean, well-appointed rooms with good sized bathroom. Complimentary wine reception each evening between 5 and 6. Would definitely stay again and recommend to anyone. Try Continental.com for good rates. 
7487 Good location for the west side of Manhattan. Quiet street. Staff was very welcoming. Rooms are new and bright, ample space for person and things. The hotel includes a good bar. Great hamburger. Overall a convenient and less expensive alternative to the usual New York tourist hotel. 
7488 The Alex is in a great location a couple of blocks away from Grand Central Station. The rooms are spacious and light. 
7489 Parking is always a problem in NYC. Parking for this hotel was a block and a half away with no valet service. Breakfast was included, but nothing special. Room and bed were comfortable, clean, quiet and size was ok. I would look for a different location 
7490 Location was perfect! The staff was very helpful and kind. Decor was modern. The rooms were very nice. The iPod station is key! I have nothign bad to say at all!!!! Loved our stay! 
7491 The staff was great. The location was easy for me to get around in and around Houston. Price was reasonable compared to all the other hotels in the area. Im having HR make this our new destinantion in Houston. 
7492 Stayed there on Oct 2 and woke up to over 20 bed bug bites. They comped the room but damn these bites itch. It was in room 304. Otherwise its a 3 star hotel. Staff was gracious and nice about the situation. 
7493 Very noisy as 24 hour building site operating across the road on the world trade centre site- stay here only if you don't wish to sleep. Staff very unhelpful. Computers and phone system continually down. Far from everything and not many dinig options close by. give this hotel amiss. 
7494 Good location with great value. Nearby theatre, shopping malls, eating places and business buildings. Walking distance to magnificient miles. 
7495 The hotel was OK. The room was very small...But the bathroom was big and nice. The breakfast was not very saticfying. Actually we tried the breakfast only the first day, and the rest of the stay we went out for breakfast. The service was great and location good. 
7496 The bar at this hotel is off the hook! The staff is incredibly friendly and efficient. The lobby is quite a memory. very cosmopoliton. A great memory. 
7497 We had a wonderful stay in New York at the Edison Hotel. It was so handy to everything! and the room was great. Would definitely recommend and stay again. 
7498 Beautiful decor, classy amenities, and a knowledgeable, helpful staff. Do not miss out on the afternoon happy hour out on the patio- it is an experience one could definitely get used to... 
7499 Great location and it was very nice. Not luxurious, but great anyway. 
7500 Great accommodations just steps from all Broadway Theaters. Makes for a great home base to tour city. Subway very close and taxis are very easily accessible with helpful porters. Saw three Broadway shows all in easy walking distance. 
7501 Stayed over a 4 day period in a superior room, which meant a double in one room and pull out couch in the other. All OK as it was only used to sleep in! Very convenient for Times Square etc 
7502 One place to stay which people should avoid in NY is this! The room service is terrible and the facilities are well maintained, but are limited in regard to access by all i.e. not enough for everyone. Food especially for vegetarians, it is a bad place to dine. 
7503 location is the best thing here. The hotel is perfectly adequate for a few days and was quite busy with a varied crowd from business types to students. Clean enough place and would stay here again. 
7504 This was a great hotel. Pricey but worth it. The room was spacious. This was in a great location. Internet should have been free for the cost I paid for the room per night. 
7505 Try the Muesli for breakfast, healthy and tasty. Great location downtown, but off the beaten path too. 
7506 Beautiful property! Front desk staff could be a bit warmer. Love the rooms and how beautifully they are furnished, Clean, quiet, pretty good hotel sleep for NYC. The location is also very convenient, right at the edge of Times Square. 
7507 Clean spacious rooms, location is a little off centre, however did not bother us as we were happy to walk. Definitely recommend. Would stay again. 
7508 No breakfast, ok outdoor swimming pool, smelly room, noisy aircon, terrible noise isolation from other rooms and surroundings, ok kitchenette but noisy refrigerator. Stay somewhere else if you can. 
7509 Rooms seemed very unfinished: sloppy craftsmanship, cheap finishes (motel 8 inspired), extremely poor lighting, cramped bathroom, faucet falling off. However: clean, accommodating staff, great location. 
7510 Nice atmosphere; closed for badly needed renovations; I hope the bathrooms and elevators are redone. Colors inside are dark. brighten the place up. Staff is plesant. Meals are overpriced. 
7511 stayed her for the blues fest this yr. i love the location and the views out of the swiss are awesome.as usual they treat you very well. 
7512 ottimo per la posizione, ma deludente la stanza! porta che non si chiudeva bene e senza una chiusura dall'interno, cassetta di sicurezza non funzionante, solo 1 shampoo mentre la stanza era per 3 persone, bagno vecchiotto.. 
7513 enough space to read and study and take a break not far away from congresscentre envirement dark at night Could the lunch also be open on thursday and friday? Friendly service day and night:you do not loose time by waiting 
7514 Couldn't really fault the hotel. Our room was spotless and the location fantastic. We would definitely stay there again. 
7515 We moved from the Waldorf to this hotel at the end of October 2008 and what a contrast. Service was fantastic, the rooms spacious and clean and overall a wonderful experience. 
7516 What a let down to get up in the morning and not be able shower. Room was not great and we paid a lot for it. Location was great and the bar was nice, so it didn't spoil the whole trip, but will look elsewhere next time! 
7517 foi muito bom mas o preco e justo a qualidade e exelencia em servicos foi otimo ficamos uma semana la 
7518 Had a 2 night stay booked. We arrived at 9am and headed straight to the hotel. We were able to check in right away and they offered us breakfast too!! Rooms are small but we weren't in the room too much anyways! Beds were super comfy! Staff was fabulous!!!! 
7519 The hotel was super clean, great service and great breakfast and lunch. Can't wait to go back again! 
7520 Very nice personnel, clean, quite and very close to everything. I will recomment this hotel for sure and we will be back ASAP. 
7521 This is a great hotel in a good location! The room view is beautiful. Service is very good. The only negative thing is the paid internet conection. 
7522 The location, Central Park views and a great bar make this the perfect place to stay in Manhatten. Unlike it's two neighbors, the Plaza and the Ritz, the Helmsley doesn't take itself to seriously. It is elegant and gracious without being off putting. A great hotel! 
7523 After much research, I decided on The Hampton Inn. I was not disappointed and will definitely stay here again. It is conveniently located to Times Square, Madison Ave, Central Park, & the subway! My room was clean, bedbug-free, and spacious! 
7524 Great location. Top notch service. Very modern rooms. Boutique Hotel. 
7525 The Pod is a well located hotel, with modern room with flat panel TV, Ipod dock station and a style bedroom. Its lobby look like a boutique hotel. Very fashionable. It worths the price. 
7526 Het Amsterdam Court Hotel had voor ons een prima kamer op de begane grond Prima kamer , bed was wel wat hard, maar gelukkig prima kussens, werkende airco en een prima douche. Kortom het hotel is de 3 sterren helemaal waard. 
7527 Stayed here Thanksgiving 2002 and loved it. Needed to switch rooms due to some plumbing and were taken care of immediately. Awesome location to theaters and times square. Can be pricey, but if you find a deal, take it! 
7528 Returned this week from NY after a 5 day break. This hotel is perfect in location and size. Staff are very helpful and my only negative comment is some minor decoration would benefit the overall experience but aside from this minor point this hotel is good value and good accomodation. 
7529 A basically good hotel. It's biggest plus is location which couldn't be nearer to times square, though noise should be expected. Staff are not the friendliest & didn't get the welcome I had heard Americans were proud of. My party & I often felt we were an inconvenience. 
7530 gute Lage in der Naehe des Broadway, Metro um die Ecke. Zimmer fuer deutsche Verhaeltnisse ueberschaubar, aber sauber. Standard und Preisleistungsverhaeltnis fuer New York vermutlich akzeptabel, allerdings nicht fuer deutsche Verhaeltnisse 
7531 This hotel was very hip! We ate at the Steak place in the hotel, was open to the lobby. Music was like a club. Atmosphere was great. Also went up to the Roof Top Bar/club, great DJ. 
7532 Great modern hotel near the action of the West Village, SoHo and not far from Chelsea. I used to live in this neighborhood for years. Great place! 
7533 Quiet, clean room, excellent location.....walking distance to lots of attractions & food. Staff were very courteous. Biggest compliants & only compliants was internet service at the business center was 8 dollars each 15 minutes & bath towels didn't smell fresh. Would defintely stay there next visit! 
7534 *****Five Stars! One of the oustanding world inns. Impeccable service, well-appointed rooms, and the location. A hidden gem. Be careful who you tell. We don't want it to be a McBradley's. 
7535 Rooms are small, bfst was awfull, prices are very high. Good location. I guess this is standard for NYC. 
7536 Pros: Best location, very close to Empire state building walkable distance from Penn Station and more than that the rooms are very clean and staffs are friendly Cons: The mini bar in the room is tempting and they should give some complimentary items 
7537 I stayed with my here Mom while she was getting treatment at the Burzynski cancer center. I was very impressed with the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff. The place is kept neat as a pin. It was very much a home away from home during a trying time. 
7538 maravilla de hotel, edificio emblematico. habitacion con todo lujo de detalle. vistas a central park. restaurante para fumadores, habanos de lujo. cena en otro de los rtes. con piano, el de la pelicula ARTUR. reservan todo tipo de espectaculos 'RADIO CITY',buenas localidades. viaje aeropuerto con limousines modernas. etc 
7539 Great service, great price, great location! Old city charm and luxury in the modern hustle and bustle of it all! Everything made easy from the moment we pulled up! 
7540 We stayed on the 50th floor - and, the view was amazing! The hotel is simply beautiful! The housekeeping staff was excellent. The room was extremely clean! The front desk staff could've been a little warmer - but, they were very accommodating & proffesional. Overall it was a great stay. 
7541 If you had a jacuzzi, the perfection would be almost reached. Internet should be free!!! For the prices of this rooms, that is to be expected! 
7542 An enjoyable 5 nights at the Westin in April. The hotel was very comfortable and our room was superb. It was clean and roomy and the shower in the bathroom was very powerful. The staff were helpful and very friendly any problems were dealt with promptly. 
7543 Small hotel with friendly staff and atmosphere. Room rather small but good looking. More nice/modern than practical. Clean. I liked the bed very much, soft but firm. In the middle of Manhattan, but quiet nights, insulation seems ok. 
7544 I enjoyed my stay very much. The hotel was lovely, I had a view of the beautiful city right out my window. Customer service is top of the line! Loved it. Wanted to bring home my bed it was so comfy! 
7545 Certain staff members were rude. Loud in evening. They don't do daily trash/room clean ups. It smells. 
7546 Can't beat the great location of this wonderful hotel. Fantastic service, amenities etc. I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a true New York experience. 
7547 Enjoyed staying in this boutique hotel. A convenient location. I enjoyed their breakfast, and their coffee was delicious. Room lights difficult to figure out so I thought initially the room was dimly lit. But once I found out how to turn up the lights, it was fine. 
7548 Our family of 4 sayed here for lots less than the Loop. Loved the free parking. The rooms were large and nice, even had a fridge in addition to coffee maker. We walked to the L station in Chinatown. Staff was friendly and helpful in finding restaurants within walking distance. 
7549 Great location and outstanding service. The room was comfortable, quiet (even in the middle of Times Square) and the hotel staff was top knotch. Loved breakfest at Rick's. My wife and I will definitly return!! 
7550 The hotel is very upscale and the service is excellent. Overall, a great value. 
7551 I was traveling with a friend and the Wolcott was perfect for us! Lovely clean room and maid service everyday, excellent value for money! Helpful staff and all in all a very good, friendly hotel! Fantastic location as well, would definitely recommend! 
7552 Clean rooms (NYC standard - small but efficient), great lobby and great location. Stayed for a work trip and would love to come back for vacation when I have more time to enjoy everything the hotel has to offer. 
7553 Semplicemente perfetto.......ma ricordate di chiedere un camera con vista! Ben collegato con metro e bus con i quali potrete raggiungere il cuore di Manhattan. 
7554 This hotel was renovated shortly before my stay and didn't disappoint on any aspect. A very dark moody lighting sets the scene in the bar area, along with roaring fires (perfect for December). The breakfast was superb and the staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. I would definitely go back. 
7555 Decided to stay here after reading the other reviews and I have to agree with them all. Very clean, great staff, very good location. All the major tourist attractions are within easy reach. The room was spacious and well equipped. All said and done a perfect place to stay. 
7556 Hotel con habitaciones renovadas, en mi caso amplia, limpia y con buen servicio. Muy buen ubicado, a 2 minutos andando de times square, starbucks, metro, pizzerias, hamburgueserias, etc. Muy comfortable, nada a criticar. 
7557 Well-located, friendly and well-managed. Check the hotel's website for specials. 
7558 Nice hotel, well situated to go anywhere in Manhattan. Close to subway stops, easy to walk to east or west sides, suited us perfectly. Decently priced for Manhattan. 
7559 I would defintely stay here again, fantastic location, walking distance to all the main attractions and the subway. They had helpful staff, I had a clean, quiet room with a comfortable bed. It was a little pricey but you get what you pay for. 
7560 This hotel was great! The rooms are larger than most NYC hotels, the staff was helpful and courteous, and the location was central to everything. It is located 5 blocks from Grand Central Terminal. I would stay here again! 
7561 everything was great. perfect location, room, staff... even a nice cheesecake in the room after dinner with 'happy aniversay' written on it 
7562 Posizione strategica (vicinissimo alla metro della Grand Central Station e al "centro") ma in zona tranquilla. Camera (monolocale deluxe) spaziosa, pulita e confortevole con cucina senza fuochi ideale per colazione; letto spettacolare. 
7563 We were guests are your fabulous facility the first part of December. The accommodations were great as well as the food. The concierge henry was very nice with us and location was wonderful. Everyone was very nice. 
7564 The hotel needs some renovation, but the room is quite large. The bathroom is too small. 
7565 So this is suppose to be Hilton's lower end hotel, but we LOVED it! The rooms were spacious and the beds were extremely comfortable. The hotel has recently gone a 20 million dollar renovation, and it shows. I will be staying here again, especially for the great prices! 
7566 Room 789. Gross, filthy. This is not a $99 a night room. It's more like a $5 a night junkie/hooker motel. Run as far and as fast as you can away from this hell hole. Your better off sleeping in the subway! 
7567 not the greatest hotel in the world but if your looking for cheap and cheerful with a central location this is the hotel for you 
7568 The location is perfect,in the middle of all the action great restaurant on Rush str and nice shopping on Michigan ave. The room had a beautiful view to lake Michigan,the beds are unbelievable so comfy and cozy The stuff was very friendly 
7569 Just come back from staying at the Hilton. Had a good size room, great views, great location & very friendly staff. Will stay there again. 
7570 Loved this hotel. Room was spacious , clean and comfortable. Definitely would stay there again. Friendly staff and great location. The view from our 33 floor was fabulous, at night the city lights were a beautiful touch to a wonderful stay.. 
7571 The front desk not very helpful requested early check in and was denied.Nice room ,great location worth the price if you get a deal. 
7572 Great hotel with convenient location attached to Grand Central Station. Walking distance to many things and subway is steps away to get everywhere. The concierge has sources for tickets and entry passes to all the events. 
7573 We booked a special nonrefundable rate several months in advance. It included an excellent continental breakfast. 
7574 We stayed at Ink 48 just a few weeks ago and enjoyed our stay. The same was true of The Muse. Large rooms in a great location. 
7575 I read the reviews and chose this hotel for my new york visit because of its good price. The reviews were right, this hotel is ideal for low budget travelers, it is at a good location, it is clean and the staff is helpful. 
7576 We spent a pleasant week in the hotel. The rooms are large and beautiful. The hotel is very new Room service is very good. I recommend it to all those who wish to be close to Time Square 
7577 This hotel far exceeded my expectations. The hotel was immaculate, cute, and comfortable. I would definitely stay there again. 
7578 Great place to stay. Staff are friendly and helpful. The hotel was clean. Will come back again. 
7579 We stayed at the Roosevelt 10/29/03 - 11/02/03. We had a nice room with two double beds. Very clean. Friendly staff. Hotel is in a great location - about 6 blocks to Times Square and right by 5th Avenue and Grand Central. Would definitely stay there again. 
7580 I spent one night in this hotel with my friends. We were too tired of our long drive , coming all along from Ohio. We enjoyed our stay and slept well. 
7581 Stayed for 4 nights in February, very good hotel, staff superb (all very friendly and helpful). Rooms clean but small beds. Would definately recommend. 
7582 Saw some mixed reviews about this hotel but it is a great location, on quiet 48th street and a very short walk to Times Square and Rockerfeller Centre or the subways downtown. Staff attentive, rooms very nice can't understand why some people complained 
7583 The room was modern and clean. The location was great. As well as the bed! 
7584 Enjoyed the unique shape of the room. Fun ride in the glassed elevator. Restaurant quite nice. Went to conference and it is really far from the conference center. The conference did run busses, however traffic hampers their movement. Transit is tough and makes careful planning of trips critical. 
7585 Stayed 6 nights at this hotel. New hotel, very friendly and helpful staff, everything within walking distance. The only thing that could be better was the size of the room. They are small, but well laid out. 
7586 Hotel is a little dated but very spacious, clean and friendly... directly across the street from Carnegie Hall. I booked on Hotels.com to get a last minute rate - great value - especially for NYC - especially for 57th St, easy access to dining, shopping, entertainment and sites. 
7587 Good Choice in New York. Room was in good repair. My room didn't have an HDTV. Expensive. 
7588 Special thanks to Ashish! It is the best place with 3 star than I ever stay before! 
7589 stayed in October, 20-23...has a perfect executive suite with an unforgettable view and amenities included,,,,,very friendly personnel at the reception... perfect location for business and shopping. free internet at very good speed. will definately come back 
7590 Hotel room was great - liked the small wet bar area with plates et al. The pillow menu had so many exotic and unusual elements when I what I would have appreciated was a simple down pillow but that was oddly missing. 
7591 My husband and 2 sons were in New York for a couple of Knicks games and they were very pleased with all aspects of the hotel. The rooms were spacious, location great and the staff was excellent. 
7592 Minor remark: the front desk should use (as a standard practice) an envelope to handover to customer the receipt/invoice after payment. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- All the best JM 
7593 As the other reviews mentioned I was really impressed with the friedliness of the entire staff. We had a corner room and were pleasantly surprised how much room we had even with 2 double beds. Will definitely stay here again for our visits to New York City. 
7594 I am a member of "La Quinta Returns". The check in was fast. The in-door swimming pool was nice. The breakfast were good enough. The wireless internet were pretty fast. Hotel website: http://www.lq.com/lq/properties/propertyProfile.do?ident=LQ505&propId=505&WT.mc_id=EMCFNAME 
7595 Very pleasant and nice hotel, especially the people who work there make it so pleasant. Much praise for the staff, thank you. When I am next in New York wants me back to your stay 
7596 We received a really good deal on this hotel. For the money it was very clean and we had a great night sleep after hours and hours of waliking in the city. Would recommend 
7597 You can't beat the location for the price. The staff were polite and helpful. We had a room with a shared bathroom and never had to wait for either the toilet or the shower. Would definetly stay here again. 
7598 albergo comodo hai servizi di autobus per il centro.(circa 30 minuti di bus) Situato vicino a supermercati, centri commerciali e ristoranti. Abbastanza facile da ragiungere.... Personale veramente disponibile per dare informazioni sui posti dove andare a mangiare e da visitare nei dintorni, nonche' disponibile per qualsiasi problema... 
7599 100 meter van Times Square, wat wil je nog meer. Kleine kamer met een raam dat uitkijkt op een blinde muur - maar je gebruikt 'm toch allemn maar om teslapen. Schoon hotel, en vriendelijk en behulpzaam personeel. 
7600 This was a trip to remember not only because it was my honeymoon but because we could'nt have found any better hotel for it. The spot was ideal, only 5 min.from 5th avenue by walking not to mention the breathtaking view over the park. 
7601 Traveling on Amtrack to FL my train was 6 hrs late so they put up all the passenger that had a connection to DC 
7602 The hotel is clean and nicely appointed but if you are sensitive to noise DO NOT STAY HERE. I was on the 7th floor and my room shook every time the subway went by. They wouldn't put me in a higher room. What a terrible night sleep. 
7603 Cool hotel, incredible location across the street from Lincoln Center. Do not get an inside room-it overlooks an airshaft. We were upgraded to a suite by the manager. 
7604 Typical Travelodge ammenities. Very close to L. Beverage store nearby. Stayed here during Lollapalooza last summer. Walking distance to Grant Park. Will stay again next August. Just wish there were more restaurants/bars in area. Recommended! 
7605 The hotel gets all the basics right, is excellently located, good staff & small but clean and servicable rooms. The Tick Tock Diner is a great, 50's style art deco diner, and gives a great NY style breakfast. 
7606 The room was very nice. The workspace was excellent. The bathroom was nice, but there was a mildew odor. I would stay here again. Great location near central park, shopping and restaurants and away from the craziness of times square. 
7607 Quite pleased, especially since I obtained a discounted rate through Priceline. Nice sized rooms, well-appointed. Bathrobes in the room. Decent work-out facility. Professional staff. Fantastic location for leisure travelers (and just fine for business travelers). Would stay here again paying published rates. 
7608 It was a dormitory room. Bed very low on the floor., and very uncomfortable. 
7609 Spent four nights at this hotel with a girlfriend. Great spacious room with 2 beds. Appreciated the little kitchen. Wonderful location: quiet street but close to everything. Staff friendly. Rooms clean. Would definitely return. 
7610 It is about 8 minutes walk from the grand central station, very convenient. and there are lots of restaurants and convenient stores nearby. The room is comfortable , gived me a sense of living in my home. The view from my room is also nice. 
7611 perfect I was there with my wife and daughter for 4 nights. The rooms while a little old fashioned fit in really with the whole ambience of the place. I couldn't reccommend it highly enough. 
7612 Clean! Great Location! Great Value! Only wish there was complimentary coffee available in the lobby. 
7613 Goede ligging maar verder matig hotel. In ieder geval veel te duur voor wat je krijgt; klein kamertje, dunne ramen waardoor het erg lawaaiig bleef etc. Nee, het is een middleclass hotel en mag deze prijzen niet vragen! 
7614 Besides being given a room that backed up to the elevator bank so that we constantly heard the up & down of the cables, the room was small & bathroom was one of the smallest we've experienced in a hotel. We won't be back. 
7615 We have stayed here twice for out annual girls shipping trip and it has turned out to be an excellent choice. Large rooms with dual vanities, lounge to meet after shopping and perfect location! 
7616 Super Chic!...This is NYC!...All courteous & helpful...Very trendy bar...WOW rooms a bit on the small side but, very comfortable with everything that you would need...Aveda products used...Economical rates...Walking distance to EVERYTHING! 
7617 Hotel was fine, nothing to rave over but nothing to complain about unless you were really nitpicking! Good location for eateries and park. I was put off by reviews on this website but I shouldnt have been. Contrary to other reports, my carpet was new and quite clean! 
7618 I can't believe how terrific this hotel is. Great location, complimentary breakfast with lots of selections, nice room, unlimited chocolates at the front desk. 
7619 Nothing spectacular about this hotel. The location is a little far from mid-town so you may want to avoid if you prefer to be closer to Time Square. It is good value though if you get the right price as the rooms are decent and the hotel is clean. 
7620 The most beautiful hotel I've ever been. Ideally located in Manhattan, you'll enjoy a VIP treatment. The concierge staff (Michael especially) is absolutely the best ever. I've been free-uograded to an executive tower suite. The price is not so high (307 usd), but you'll be satisified. 
7621 Very well located at 2 blocks from Empire State building and few minutes walking from 5th Avenue, Brodway and Times Square. Rooms very quiet. 
7622 The room and the bathroom were little but very clean and comfortable. Good location, easy and quick to go either up-town and down-town Manhattan: 3 metro's stations nearby and walkable distance to the Empire, Flatiron, 5th Avenue. Quiet district but not so many restaurants and/or pub nearyby. 
7623 This was my third time here. I like the location, very convenient to go to anywhere you like. The room was always clean and cosy. The stuff was friendly and helpful. Thank you, Jenny at the front desk. I'd love to stay here again. 
7624 just loved it. We had a room facing Times Square it was amazing to follow the citylife down below. The hotel was very clean and quiet If there is one thing that was less good it was the price of the breakfast. (very expensive) 
7625 Food was the worst ever, do not recommend the rest. for your dinner or room service. TV - no programminf, No Movies Didn't even have trash cans any where for use in common areas (?) why not! No Movie 
7626 Very small but clean, that is what i am looking when i go on business. I can stay again. 
7627 Great unique hotel. Rooms large, comfortable, clean, and well appointed. Was in Houston for a convention. Hotel provided free shuttle service. Not a bad walk however and close to the light rail. 
7628 Stayed here a few timew. Always quiet, ez chk in and out. Showers work well. Elevator is a bit slow. 
7629 Great location for Macy's, Time Square and the Empire State Building - all a twenty minute walk from the hotel. Would reccommend to anyone and would certainly stay here again. It was quite, great city views (23rd floor), and it was exceptionally clean! 
7630 I loved this hotel! The location was amazing!! Although the hotel rooms are small the beds were comfy, clean and welcoming. Honestly I couldn't complain about anything and when I come back I'll be booking here again. 
7631 We stayed at the Hyatt McCormick Place and loved it!! Service was excellent, rooms very nice, the pool was warm and wonderful. Great finess center!! Very convenient to soldier field!! Would definitely stay here again. Highly recommended! 
7632 Employees Zeba and Ashly at check-in were so helpful and they were so nice the whole time. Room was really clean and the bed was comfy as well. The hotel was very very clean and well presented. Long story short, I was so satisfied with staying here. 
7633 Travelled to NYC for long weekend to celebrate big birthday with my friend. Fantastic location, rooms are a good size, rooftop bar atmosphere & views amazing. Great base in lively area. Would definitely return 
7634 Perfect location for experiencing NYC. Great views of Times Square. Close to shows, restaurants and subway. Center of everything. Spacious rooms. Not great for light sleepers. Would definitely return. 
7635 We had a great weekend at ZaZa. Took advantage of the King Tut Package. Had a large suite, Tut exhibit tickets and a $50/night (for 2 people) breakfast voucher. 
7636 Stay as tourists seven nights.Running around all day...Not stay with a lamp to see hotel faults,just bad,breakfast and walk throu the City.Location excellent for my needs,clean,normal sized and nice rooms,little old time smell for doghunters,but for normal NY price.Booking service helpful and friendly oriented... 
7637 As a long time visitor, OTA again reminds me of why I return time and time again. Location, graciousness and cleanliness all remain my favorite parts of the stay. And having a room ready in the afternoon of check in is always appreciated. Thanks Again! 
7638 This hotel was great and relaxing. I wish I could live here. The rooms have everything you need and are very modern. The bed was super comfortable! 
7639 Just had 5 days in New York with our children and two granddaughters. We had three fabulous rooms, with fabulous comfy beds and a wonderful bathtub and shower. The hotel staff were excellent especially Jaymes. .The position of the hotel for us was great. We would definately go back. 
7640 Was welcomed back warmly by the personable staff. Missed seeing Hilda Garvey this visit, however the staff was great, especially Ali. Sad to learn she is leaving for Peru soon. Hope she has has great experience in her endeavors there. 
7641 The shuttle service to/from Newark stops around the corner from hotel, and Grand Central Station is 2 blocks away. Great neighborhood restaurants, deli's, and coffee shops. Walk to everywhere! Friendly staff. 
7642 Ottima posizione,camere pulite,servizio perfetto..e solo il prezzo che e un Po eccessivo comunque rimane il migliore albergo in cui sono stato 
7643 A lot better inside than it looks from the outside. Staff very helpful. Perfect location. The "Cambridge House" diner across the road is excellent too. 
7644 We had a lovely stay at this Westin location. Wonderful location, just blocks from Oak Street Beach and steps from shopping on Michigan Avenue. Staff at check-in was wonderful. We even used the new spa for massages, it was wonderful. Will stay here again. Restaurant was the best! 
7645 Great location, very centrally located to make it easy to walk to many NYC hot spots. 
7646 Great location, very clean and the staff were very friendly. The room had everything we needed and was very comfortable. 
7647 Clean, Tidy and all that you need when in NYC for 5 days!!!! 
7648 We were upgraded to a City view king on the 20th floor which had superb views. The room was very comfortable and well appointed. The front desk staff was flawless. The location is really quite good as well. This will be our new favorite hotel for Manhattan. 
7649 Everything about the Mandarin was 5 star.... the food, service, decor and spa. You must visit the spa and get at least 1 treatment....and go early so you can enjoy the relaxation room! 
7650 Hotel Staff very helpful, it was my second time at the Crowne Plaza NYC and I am already planning my next trip there. The only thing I would change would be the shower curtain, just hate it! 
7651 Paar blokken vanaf Grand central ligt het Hotel. Dat is erg handig omdat je dan makkelijk verschillende metro's kan pakken. Ook liggen enkele belangrijke bezienswaardiggeden op loopafstand. Hotel heeft goede prijs kwaliteit verhouding. Comfort van kamer was goed en personeel vriendelijk. 
7652 Once again we stayed and were not disappointed. Welcomed back as a returning guest and Hilton Honors member. Excellent service, accommodations and stay. Would recommend this to any and all and has fast become my hotel of choice when travelling to NYC. Keep up the great work. 
7653 The hotel was lovely. We had a view of 7th avenue from our 7th floor corner room. The room was huge, yet sparsely furnished. The hotel is located a few short blocks from Times Square. It couldn't have been more perfect. The lobby was beautiful. Overall, a wonderful experience. 
7654 Zeer goede locatie in een fijne buurt, dichtbij de metro,restaurants, winkels en een erg goede bakker. Hotel is wat versleten, vooral de handdoeken, maar de kamer werd alle dagen gepoetst en de handdoeken vervangen. Personeel is niet allemaal even vriendelijk maar de zwarte manager maakt het goed.Prijs/kwaliteit een aanrader! 
7655 Great location. Easy access to public transportation. Great an spacious rooms. Reasonable retes Staff very accoodating. Have been a repeated guest for over 30 years. Well not trade it for any other hotel. 
7656 We've stayed at the Belvedere a few times in the past. The rooms are comfy and the location is ideal. It's nice to have a fridge and microwave in the room. Easy walk to Broadway theaters and to restaurant row. 
7657 Very comfortable rooms and located well just a stone's throw from the Hancock building. Quick check in, excellent water pressure, has fridge and microwave. Why pay $50+ more for the original Hilton 
7658 A deux pas de la cinquieme avenue... Proche du metro Chambres un [peu petites mais parfait pour passer la nuit. Tres calme 
7659 Great location, one of the best Marriotts I've stayed in. Very busy, but well staffed, extremely helpful comcierge. Good sized rooms, comfortable beds, nice view of Lake Michigan. Great place for business or a romantic break. 
7660 This is an excellent choice for comfort and convenience at a reasonable cost. My room was small but clean and recently remodeled, it seems. The staff is friendly and helpful. Rooms on the streetside can be noisy, but new york is a noisy place. 
7661 Good hotel, a bit too pricey but in great location. The rooms are average, and no view from the windows. Breakfast is very poor. 
7662 A cold front moved into Houston during our stay. The heat was not working and apparently could not be fixed so we had to move to another room where the heat did work. A staff member did help us. 
7663 Ottimo hotel, pulito, moderno e in posizione centrale (praticamente di fronte all'Empire State Building). Metropolitana a un isolato di distanza. Nelle vicinanze ci sono inoltre il flatiron district, il grande centro commerciale Macy's e Times Square. Unici punti negativi: stanze molto piccole 
7664 This is the hotel that I always stay in NY, the location is really good, really close to the Mancy's Dept. Store, subway station, and walking to time square isnt that far. If you can book the hotel in advance, you can get really good price! 
7665 i didn't recieve an invoice from you, the hotel is o.k. they need more resturant, the front desk is o.k. not more 
7666 I spent a week at this hotel with my wife and 3 teenage boys. It is extremely convienent and close to many food options (includling affordable delis for some quick food). The hotel was very accomodating and helpful. I would definetly go back. 
7667 Ganske nytt og fint hotell plassert 8min gange fra Time Square, 10 min fra Central Park og gangavstand til Rockefeller Centre m.m. Mange gode restauranter i gangavstand. Ubrukelig frokostopplegg, men mange kjekke frokoststeder i 8th avenue. Vi kommer gjerne tilbake her! Flink og hjelpsom concierge. 
7668 Location is excellent, 1 block from Times Square. Walk to the Rock and many other attractions.Very courteous staff, clean, clean, clean. Nice Breakfast included. 
7669 Everthing gots fine. They were corteous, the room is great, everything ok. 
7670 We stayed in the Westin Chicago River North in August 2011. Loved the views and the consistency of staying in a Westin property. The staff was excellent and the love the heavenly beds. Good location and close to the "L". 
7671 This is an OLD Hilton property that is in need of updating. The rooms were comfortable and clean but nothing special. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The airport shuttle is prompt and runs every 15 minutes. 
7672 This was a really nice hotel, large room with kitchenette liked the coffee maker, close to everything in Manhattan. Great Restruants on 3rd Ave. Would stay here again. The staff was great. 
7673 Michelene (sp) and Miguel were able to put me in a corner suite after I let them know about problems with my first room (funky smelling shower, problems with TV and wireless). Kudos to them for making it right. 
7674 It's a pleasure to stay at a hotel where true customer service is still a priority. Excellent value for the money in a clean hotel. Did I mention outstanding customer service?! I will stay here again! 
7675 The staff is excellent and helpful. The hotel is in a great location. The room is modern, quiet, clean, and comfortable. (The only negative is the valet parking garage which is not at the hotel and is also not hotel staff.) 
7676 Smells really bad. Like an Indian restaurant. The rooms are big and bed are confortable. Good location and easy to get. Just for an emergency night. 
7677 stayed one night at yotel. great experience. great use of space (queen room). staff was very nice. location to subway, times square and port authority within a couple of blocks. will stay there again 
7678 If your looking for a hotel that has got a bar and restuarant, then this ones okay. If these are not points of concern, I'm sure you could find better. These's nothing really wrong with the hotel, but it's a bit tired and dated. 
7679 We had a lovely, large room. The location couldn't be better - convenient to everything. The front desk was excellent. There is a club/bar on the first level that gets a little noisy, but once in our room we heard nothing. 
7680 The hotel is in a great location. Keep in mind it is a Comfort Inn. Rooms are a bit small, but lets face it, your in mid town, and for the price you are getting a pretty good room for it. The staff were friendly and helpful. 
7681 this hotel is the best evr!!!! yall need to stay at it!! 
7682 We enjoyed our stay at the Sofitel. Everyone was very helpful and the location was perfect for us, not too close, but not too far away. Room was typical NY size, but very nice! 
7683 Great, Comfortable Hotel. Very Friendly Staff. Great Area... Neighborhood. Nice places to eat, conveniently close. Great Shower! ! ! 
7684 Certainly does not have the WOW factor which it affords itself in it's own descriptions. I was completely underwhelmed. 
7685 I had a wonderful time at Chicago South Loop Hotel check-in was wonderful very professional staff Kierra was very helpful with information surrounding the hotel. Room was clean and above expectation. This was stay but will not be my last! EC2 
7686 Great service, super clean rooms and a family friendly staff at the morning breakfast. Easy access to the Galleria, restaurants and plenty of parking during a busy holiday season. Would definitely recommend for a weekend gateway in Houston. 
7687 We stayed at this hotel in Nov 2011. Lovely clean rooms with really comfy bed, fresh coffee and tea in reception, friendly staff, excellent location. Would highly recommend this hotel. 
7688 Wonderfull stay, excellent service and friendly staff. Very clean and nice rooms. Good restaurant. Will go back again! Also the location of the hotel, just off busy Times Square and close to Central Station, is good. 
7689 Our staying was "good" in general.....I must say for the rate paid you expect at least a room large enough so two persons can move inside the room without any trouble. 
7690 Very clean, great location, quiet, friendly and helpful staff. Loved the decor. The beds were very comfy. Continental breakfast needs a little more though, maybe eggs and bacon or sausage. Can't beat the price for NYC! 
7691 I stayed here for a conference last month staff was very friendly / free breakfast in the morning and used the shuttle twice to go to a steakhouse the room was clean and comfortable i would definitely stay here again soon 
7692 Just back from the Chandler had a great time,very convienient location just minutes from The Empire State Building and subway. Hotel is very clean and staff very helpfull. This was our first visit to New York but we will be back, and would not hesitate in booking the Chandler again 
7693 Great room, convenient to medical center, good breakfast. 
7694 Everything is vey very old. Service is poor. This is the only hotel that had availability post Sandy, when many folks werelooking for any place to stay. Essentially this is the last choice for many. they do not have coffee makers, etc 
7695 Incredibly cute hotel, great amenities (including iPods, and loaner goldfish, should you need one). Great location with Concierge service that really knows the neighborhood and the city. Incredibly friendly and efficient staff. Loved it!! 
7696 On 39th Street between 8th and 9th avenue in Manhattan, the location could'nt be better. Rooms at the hotel were very small and tiny. These were Suites self service thus no service available from hotel staff. Rooms had well equipped kitchenette. 
7697 Very average hotel,hence the price per night.Very conveniently located central in Manhattan,and across the road from Penn Station and Madison Square Garden. 
7698 The Roosevelt Hotel was beautiful, clean and comfortable. The staff was friendly. The location was good for us who were going to US Open, we just had to take one subway, number 7, from Grand Central Station. 
7699 Extremely small rooms, no space for luggage, noisy air condition. Rooms look better on website than in reality. But ok to stay for a few nights. Interior is functional and trendy. Roof top garden is shabby, but offers great views. A bar would be great on top. 
7700 Very good hotel (location, room, breakfast, quality/price ratio etc.). Only a negative point: too low temperature in the breakfast room. 
7701 Hotel is located right next to or one block from Galleria mall and lots of shopping and great restaurants in downtown Houston. Very large and busy hotel. Service is great and rooms are clean and comfortable. Easy to find and parking lot attached to hotel. 
7702 situation geographique parfaite pour un tourisme a pied,mais eviter le petit dejeuner qui reste cher alors que juste en face del'hotel la cafeteria est parfaite.Une station de metro se trouve en face aussi.Je recommande vivement cet hotel 
7703 This hotel is situated right in the heart of the theater district and is a block from Times Square. The property is beautiful and the rooms are very large by NYC standards. Our experience was 100 percent positive. 
7704 This hotel was spotless!!! Great location!!!! It's around alot of things to do! I'll definitely be back! :) 
7705 Loved the experience and will certainly repeat the next time we travel to New York! The "hip" concept and atmosphere, combined with the very reasonable rate for the quality of the hotel and location, make Yotel an outstanding choice. 
7706 The rooms are small, cold, tacky. We payed $$$$$ for a suite and they messed up. The manager said "we are fully committed" did nothing for us. Awful service! Plus on top of that the parking people damaged our car. STAY AWAY 
7707 Very hospitable stay. Only draw back is the street noise. The neighborhood is colorful and fun. Plenty of food alternatives. Received a great welcome at reception along with great local knowledge of things to do that added greatly to the visit 
7708 We had a clean and fairly large room at a good price, close to everything like bars, crowd, food, shops, shows and transportation. 
7709 Old outdated hotel, not very clean and poor breakfast table. A lot of other hotels in neighboorhood which are better value for money. 
7710 Excellent little hotel downtown, quiet (except for the pigeons at windows), clean rooms, friendly staff, good breakfast, within walking distance of Broadway nightlife and shopping. I would definitely stay there again, though with additional taxes the price ended up rather high. 
7711 Service was scarce.. terrible in another word. Upon check-in, check-out and everything else in between, it was nonexistent and severely lacking. I will not be back. 
7712 The room was tiny and stuffy. The hotel was well located but the windows were quite old, so we could hear the CTA train. It was average. I would not stay there more than a couple of nights. 
7713 Me quede durante 4 dias por el precio fue fantastica. El subway 110 esta super cerca y crntrico. Fue mi primer viaje a NY y me encanto el hotel. El personal muy amable y tiene una cafeteria antes del subway excelente precio y personas muy amabled. 
7714 An awesome visit of New York City with my two wonderful daughters. Pretty well located nearby Time Square in Yotel, we had a joyfull 48-hours experience visiting, sightseeing and being at Mary Poppin's spectacle. What a great time we had: 9.8/10. 
7715 We got an upgrade to a suite on arrival and it was just so nice. Great location for down town New York with the Empire State Building being very close by. I will go back 
7716 Definitely one of the best hotels I ever been! They gave us a great room, with the most amazing view of New York and the central Park! The service was great, the breakfast unbelivable! Made our New York experience fabulous, thank you! 
7717 lovely hotel great location. stayed for 4 nights room smalleven though we had upgraded to a superior would not like to see the standard room. would stay again 
7718 The hotel is in the perfect location for getting around the City. The rooms are good but the service is fantastic. 
7719 Majestic is a great little hotel in the Lakeview district. Close to everything we needed. They were very accommodating about anything we requested and the $22 parking fee was reasonable for Chicago. Will definitely stay here they next time we visit. 
7720 Spent a wonderful two nights at the Muse over Thanksgiving weekend and luv'd it. Staff courteous and helpful. Room clean with nice amenities. Great location. Reserve a room on the 19th floor and enjoy the view. Highly recommended. 
7721 Good value for money in New York. Rooms are small, but location makes up for it. Close too all the big locations and restaurants 
7722 Visited this hotel in March 2004. What a great location.Had two double rooms, no view but very comfortable.Only complaint was that the reception staff were not very friendly.Very convenient for the subway & great coffee shop next door. We will definitely be staying there again! 
7723 nos alojamos 6 noches en este hotel en febrero y genial.lo estaban renovando y nos dieron una habitacion completamente nueva y los ruidos de las reformas no se oian absolutamente nada.el personal muy amable. si volviese a ny volveria a este hotel 
7724 Het hotel is gedateerd maar netjes! De service is prima. Alleen het eten in een soort van bistro die erbij zit is niet zo lekker. Maar je hebt zoveel eetgelegenheden vlakbij het hotel dat je daar niet hoeft te eten. 
7725 My room (on 21st floor) had just one, very small, window. The room itself was very small and could barely accomodate the extra bed that I asked for when I made my reservation. The hotel, however, is nice and clean and extremely well located in terms of public transport. 
7726 Brian is the friendliest doorman in New York City. He is the best! The staff is very accommodating and the rooms are nice! 
7727 Love the hotel and location...just hope the refit transforms the Milford into one of the best! But...Front desk needs more staff. 
7728 Bookedthis then read\ reviews and was worried but not as bad as most ppl reckon Sure could have done with a lick of paint but the room was cleaned everyday and was tidy and comfortable We stayed there October 2003 Location was great price was better 
7729 We stayed here for two nights. Price was great, staff was very friendly, helpful and professional. Location good and easy to find. The rooms might small and dark by someones account, but we were pleased with everything. 
7730 Impresionante servicio d atencion al cliente,todos muy amables ,Diana... y Louis q m saco d un gran apuro,muchas gracias de nuevo habitaciones geniales, ubicacion perfecta,limpieza...todo de 10. Estuve 10 dias y repetiria sin dudar,no me molestaria en buscar otro hotel. 
7731 Just like all the other reviews, a great location; generous size rooms; huge comfy bed; good bathroom; plenty of storage; kitchenette by the entrance so didn't affect the bedroom; heating just right; lifts fine; staff helpful. 
7732 Turned out perfect. Clean and efficient. Firm king size bed. Friendly staff. Excellent location. Happily away from da tourists. 
7733 For $179 plus tax, it was OK. Rooms are small. No free WiFi. Cant believe a hotel these days does not offer free wifi. Just 2 computers on 10th floor Parking down the street for $25. Otherwise it was decent and newly refurbished 
7734 Ottimo per un salto a nyc veramente avvolgente 
7735 Rooms are Hilton-style (neutrual but excellent) but overall hotel atmosphere is rather so-so (lobby situated on the 14th floor realy lack a welcoming atmosphere). But the main reason why you'd want to stay there is its exquisite location, just a 3 minute walk from Times Square. 
7736 Great Tribeca location without the big price tag. Rooms are simple but super clean and bigger than most in NYC. Super friendly professional service. I haven't found a better hotel of it's class in the area - I've tried a couple and they only disappoint in comparison. 
7737 Have tried others, but this hotel tops them all for me. The rooms are large and super comfortable, but the staff and concierge level are the best. Also the doorman, a 20+ year veteran is tops and makes you feel at home. 
7738 The worst hotel in the world, a disgrace, water was off and staff didnt care,room not serviced and construction going on outside room, rooms tiny, dirty looking bed sheets, phone in room not working,Very bad value for your money. 
7739 Soggiornare a New York in piena Manhattan e' un privilegio da non sottovalutare. Il Dylan Hotel e'un albergo facile da raggiungere con stanze moderne pulite e raccolte in una posizione eccellente. Servizio ottimo e personale disponibile, Posizione strategica anche per eventuali pause durante la giornata 
7740 Excellent, central location, off Time Square. And still quiet. Good size rooms. Very good value for money 
7741 Great Location near airport and off I-45. Very clean rooms and great Breakfast. Manager and staff very polite great to talk with. My flights was cancelled 3 time due to Sandy (flying into NYC) and staff made my stay very pleaseable. Thank you. Recommend stay. 
7742 Perfectly located near Times Square, about 100 meters, nevertheless very quiet. Nicely decorated and clean rooms with comfortable beds, a desk, a wardrobe and a cabinet. Modern and clean bath room. Breakfast included, simple but good. Very friendly staff. It was expensive, but reasonable for New York. 
7743 Nice, clean, comfortable hotel. LOVE the comforters and pillows. The only complaint I have is that the food in the hotel restaurant is SO expensive. Other than that, it was great. 
7744 The staff is pleasant. The rooms are spacious, clean, with decent bathrooms and a nice bed. The lobby is a bit worn. 
7745 Stayed one night for business. Quiet rooms ( paperthin walls) and great comfy beds. Connects to the downtown tunnel system or to KBR building via skywalk. Only a couple blocks to the metro train to Reliant Center. Perfect for Texans football or the rodeo. Great value for the price. 
7746 Stay here everytime i'm in NYC, country feel in the middle of the city, freindly staff and great location, highly reccomend to all! 
7747 Sofort wieder, sehr sauber, sehr freundlich, zentral gelegen und doch ruhig 
7748 The Roger Smith hotel has a great location, very nice accomodations, and best of all a great staff. The staff including Kucuk Bag, Rafeal, Manny, Randy, and Mark were excellent. They all made us feel right at home.. 
7749 Hard to find fault with this hotel. It is busy, but once you get into the lobby Times Square seems less hectic. check in was fantastic and the room excellent. No complaints and the location is hard to beat. A great view from anywhere in the hotel. 
7750 This is a great hotel to stay at, the location couldn't get much better, right amongst Times Square and the Theatres. The staff are very friendly and the rooms are very modern and clean. Will definitely stay here again!! 
7751 Room was very small - so small you had difficulty getting in or out of bed. No comfortable chair, small tv, ok bathroom. Location was across from a park but neighborhood was certainly not charming. All in all, very disappointing -especially for the cost. 
7752 Stayed at Swissotel Aug '09. Very efficient. Nice rooms with good views. Good location. Clean. Would stay again. Keith + Kate Marsden 
7753 at the begining we get a very noisy small room,but after complaining we received a biger comfortable room. 
7754 I travel all around the world and when I make it back to Houston I always stay at this extended stay because of the friendly staff and the cleanleness of the property. 
7755 was a really great place to stay, had a kitchen ,and was close to times square and broadway 
7756 excellent value for money the hotel was clean and staff were very friendly and helpful booked through expedia and got a really good price 
7757 I took my young children to the city for the Christmas activities. The hotel is in the perfect location for easy access to Rockefeller Plaza and Times Square. The hotel and rooms were spacious, very clean and nicely decorated. 
7758 I had 1 evening here in October on a trip back from Central America to the UK. Nice room, huge lobby, decent lounge for Hilton Honours members. Did not get to use any other facilities. Standard US Hilton fare. 
7759 Rooms are very comfortable. Nice walk-in rainshower, over-sized towels. Very modern look. Nice pool area, bar & restaurant. Lots of great restaurants and entertainment within walking distance. Would definitely stay again. 
7760 I booked this hotel for 2-3 nights, the room was tiny one queen size bed, the bathroom was awful pretty much like out of a 1 star hotel the only upside is that its so close to times square only a couple steps away 
7761 Am Wochenende ist die Bar/Disco sehr gut besucht und eine gute Stimmung. Das Hotel/Zimmer sind sehr angenehm und empfehlenswert. 
7762 In NY was one night biz trip, reserved the hotel as it was reasonably priced and surprisingly was a very nice stay. Centrally located to Times Square, room I stayed was nice and quiet. Would definitely keep this hotel in mind next time I'm back in NYC. 
7763 I will continue the review in a later day. 
7764 Stayed here in Feb / Mar 2012. Very friendly and helpful staff. Rooms can be a bit small / dark but the bar & location make up for it. 
7765 Well located, room is quite small but very clean, quiet and well decorated. Bathroom is nice as well. The staff is absolutely friendly. Wireless internet is expensive and charged by each connected device. 
7766 Very nice for 4 ladies traveling to the US Open tennis tournament. We had a deluxe junior suite and enjoyed having the 2nd sink in the kitchenette area. Very safe and quiet. 
7767 Front desk--lacks hospitality and knowledge of area. Room--fine...clean, comfortable, quiet, great shower, no problems Location...we could walk most everywhere we wanted to go or ride the bus Breakfast.....great job to feed a full house Grocery store nearby for anything we wanted...very convenient 
7768 I love the location of this hotel and you will get great views of the city or the Hudson. A very short walk to times square and many places to eat and shop all within walking distance. 
7769 We stayed here for our 10 year anniversary. It was great, We got a complimentary room upgrade. The hotel is central to everything. Cafe 28 around the corner is great for breakfast. What can I say, a great place to stay 
7770 The location is great as you are close to several downtown attractions. The service was excellent. At the time we stayed, the workout facility was under construction so was not fully usable, but the view out the windows from the workout facility was awesome. 
7771 Hebben 3 dagen verbleven in het Belnord Hotel. Verzorgde en schone kamers, maar wel klein. Maar ach wie gaat er naar New York om op zijn kamer te zitten. Personeel heel behulpzaam met suggesties en vragen. 
7772 Just back from a weeks stay in this hotel and cannot fault the place! The room was excellent (a 2 queen bed room), staff were very helpful and courteous and the location is brilliant. 
7773 Check in was great. Room was recently renovated ( with exception of tv's) and clean. Plenty of places to eat with in a few miles, however if you do not have a car you are land locked here as there are no services within walking distance. 
7774 Very nice hotel. Great modern hotel. Everything is a little dark because of the style but this is a happening hotel. The bar in the Lobby was awesome. Good location and excellent service. 
7775 Room dirty; floor apparently under construction; filthy windows; disgusting bathroom. BAD,BAD, BAD!!!!! 
7776 On Hotwire, got a very reasonable price <$150 for a pre-paid rate. Good sized room for an older hotel, clean, very attentive staff, great location, especially if you come into NYC on Metro North to Grand Central (just 3 blocks away). Bathroom is older style but good sized. 
7777 Could not have found a better location and the room was out of this world. So close to everything and will return someday 
7778 I have send a package to the hotel but never received. I have the post office confirmation that the package was delivered at the hotel 9 days ago and so for nothing. The staff doesn't seem to care about it. No a trust worthy hotel. 
7779 Would stay there on next trip to Chicago. Close to everything, shopping, restaurants, theatre, Michigan Avenue. The Water Tower, museums. Only a short cab ride from McCormick Place Convention Center. Easy access to cabs. 
7780 Kan ikke forvente noe bedre hotell synes jeg... rommene hadde kjokken, tv pa badet, god service. Veldig vakkert for a si det sann.. litt lang fra time square eller underkant av 15 min, men nyc er jo et WALKING TOWN. 
7781 We had a room on the 32nd floor with a view of the Statue of Liberty. It was clean, and nicely furnished. Helpful service. 
7782 The hotel was very nice; however I was very disappointed that there was not a place to have breakfast. 
7783 Great location, nice hotel for the most part. But we found bed bugs in our room. Management did come to our room and confirm that we did have bed bugs. They did comp our rooms, but what a hassle do deal with everything after the fact. 
7784 Location and good quality. Prices are good. Some thing to improve in the hotel: the kitchen appliances are old. The rooms have good sizes and the beds are comfortables. 
7785 Good price and good stay!! Would love to go back and spend the time again... 
7786 Good location, cool hotel, very cool rooms! 5 Min walk to times square, 3 min walk to Broadway. Free WIFI, Free coffee and water all day, free filter coffee + muffins between 7am - 10am 
7787 Took the family for a NYC vacation. Great central location in the heart of Times Square. The room/suite was comfortable with 2 adults, 2 teenagers and an 8 year old. Way more cost effective than two rooms! 
7788 Fine business hotel. Staff was helpful. 
7789 Dont stay here if you like clean bathrooms, without bugs, hot waer, ripped beds and unhelpful staff. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!! 
7790 Just off broadway,this hotel is very modern and smartly put together.Totally made to feel at ease with the brilliant staff this hotel offers compact rooms which are very modern,breakfast ,lunch or dinner is relaxing in a nice dark atmosphere,ideal for couples. 
7791 Clean, comfortable, modern room in a great location. Free wifi. We were able to park for free on the street, even, on the same block as the hotel. Plenty of restaurants in the neighborhood. We would return again if we ever need a place in the Chelsea area. 
7792 I was very pleased with neat and tidy interiors as I was searching room without fabric decorations and wal-to-wall carpet. Wooden floor, good breakfast, great service and handy location. 
7793 Excellent location, great hotel! Highly recommended. 
7794 Great atmosphere, cool rooms that are comfortable and a decent size for NY, excellent location, the staff are good, everything you expect from a W really. I would definitely stay here again. 
7795 Good location. Subway is close. Restaurant next door has great brunch. Rooms were large clean. Staff was helpful. Manhattan affinia is better locAtion but this is a very good hotel for family that wants some space. 
7796 Convenient to many things and transportation. Free breakfast. Nice room. 
7797 friendly and helpful front desk staff, Big rooms,excellent location, donot ask for LCD TV with price you pay 
7798 This hotel is fantastic. It's located in a great neighborhood, with a food market just across the road and a close subway stop too. I would highly recommend staying here! We got food delivered from the cafe downstairs, which was also good. 
7799 Room was clean, roomy and a great value for New York City. Close to 2 subway lines and Lincoln Square. The staff was pleasant and quick to respond to my request. Would recommend highly! 
7800 Great hotel! We booked several rooms for our wedding guests and the sales manager made the process easy. Rooms were extremly comfortable. We enjoyed our stay and definitely would recommend this hotel as a fun place to stay. 
7801 I stayed there recently on business and had a perfectly fine stay. The room was clean, modern, and well-maintained. I was in the western tower, which I think is a lot quieter than the main building. I would stay here again. 
7802 Centrally located this hotel is great for both business and family travel. Common areas are clean and comfortable. Breakfast every morning saves you some serious $$. 
7803 The loction nearby the central park is ok. Small room, no comfort, noisy. not worth the $250 we had te pay for. 
7804 Staff, Angie and Stephanie, were outstanding. Great service, superb room, and exercise room 
7805 the rooftop terrace, which foursquare calls a bar isn't true but a great way to spend the evening hanging out with friends. 
7806 The location is unbeatable and the service is exceptional. The room was very comfortable and nice size. Morning coffee and rolls free every morning.....nice way to start the day. This is my 4th visit and I would recommend it to anyone. 
7807 The rooms are very small. If you are looking for more room space, this is not good selection. Other than that it is very clean. Recepsionists very friendly and helpful in case you need something....Very close to times square, lot of attractions, restaurants.... 
7808 Convenient location walking distance to Times Square + Central Park. Rooms and bathrooms are very small. Loud construction next door on the weekedays. 
7809 Heb hier in de zomer van 2011 'n week gelogeerd. Veel enge foto's gezien van te voren, echter is het mij bijzonder mee gevallen allemaal. De lat niet zo hoog leggen, als je niet de hoofdprijs betalen wil. 
7810 Great hotel,perfect location right opposite central park and 15 min walk to times square. 
7811 Great location right in the middle of all the action. Expensive however for a New York hotel good value for money. Fittings are a little tired. Staff generally helpful. 
7812 I stayed a the Fashion 26 3 nights with a friend and loved it ! the hotel is very nice, modern and trendy. The staff has been very helpful. Loved the cupcakes at the reception. We had diner once at the restaurant and really enjoyed it. 
7813 I agree with all the previous reviewers. Excellent choice for downtown Chicago. If I could remember the names of the staff members I'd list them with 5 stars after each of their names. Very comfortable hotel in a perfect location at a really good price. Would stay here again anytime. 
7814 I rarely stay downtown -- generally in midtown instead. Gild Hall has very nice common areas that are warm and old school feeling in a trendy way. good experience. If I needed to stay downtown again, I would definitely consider again. 
7815 Vies roestig bad (kmr 808) vies matje in bad geplakt, oud! 
7816 First time in NYC and we stayed at the Belvedere Hotel for New Year's Eve. Great Experience! Clean rooms! very friendly staff! I would reccommend this hotel to ANYONE! 
7817 Moin Moin Ein kleines aber feines Hotel. Zentral gelegen.Mitten in New York. lg Porschi 
7818 This is a great mid-range hotel. First-rate location, great value for money, a rooftop pool with spectacular views and big rooms (although the aircon is noisy). Staff are very friendly and gave us a great recommendation for breakfast one morning. 
7819 Located in the heart of the theater district and Times Square but on a fairly quiet block-a perfect location Room was spacious and clean Hotel is eco friendly and the staff cheerful and accommodating. 
7820 Good value at this hotel, but personnel amke the difference - from housekeepers to front desk, all exceptional, and Sam polite, gentlemanly demeanor, courteous under duress, and does his best to make all feel welcome and appreciated. 
7821 I stayed at this Mandarin when itnfirst opened years ago and HD tv was a novelty Rooms still elegant-- not worn. Lobby lounge good scene of drinks, view and people watching. Convenient to have Whole Foods in the buildingnfor health food regime. Prompt checkin and room service. 
7822 A/C Barely functions in seventh floor rooms. We stayed for two nights. Hotel was at capacity and no other accommodation offered. 
7823 The rooms were clean and the location convenient. Service was fine, nothing to write home about, though. The hotel is expensive for the price, even by NYC standards. 
7824 staff is very nice and friendly. Ideally situated in the city center, near all metro lines. My room was a bit noisy because on the street. 
7825 Location is great, staff is great, room was great. We were 
7826 I recently stayed at the mercer with my girlfriend and the hotel and restaurant was great EXCEPT for the fact that the a/c in the hotel and the restaurant was NOT WORKING!! At $700 a night I think you'd expect a little more from Andre Balazs.... 
7827 I have been to NY on business and pleasure for over 30 years. This hotel is a mini Waldorf Astoria with better location for nightlife and shopping. 
7828 This hotel in the heart of MidTown and near a lot of options for public transportation. This is walking distance (even for the kiddos) to Grand Central, Broadway, Times Square, Central Park, upscale shopping on Park, 30 Rock, etc. 
7829 The rooms were very large. Beds were very comfortable. The view was great of Lake Michigan. Service was great. Little pricey but it is Chicago! You can walk to almost any type of entertainment. There was so many different things to do. I would recommend to anyone to stay there. 
7830 This was our second time at this hotel and we will defintely make it for a third. Great location, friendly staff we enjoyed every minute of our stay. 
7831 Great location ~ right near The Empire State Building! Great food in RARE restaurant! Great guest service ~ from the moment we arrive everyone was friendly and helpful! The Bellmen, the Front Desk Agents, Housekeeping, Concierge, Restaurant Staff ~ can't say enough! 
7832 Very well located, right next to Macy's and the Empire state building. Large room, comfortable bed, blackout curtains and the room is well sound proofed which guarantees a good night sleep. Bathroom is large and clean. I will defintely stay again, and the value/quality ratio is excellent. 
7833 Would recommend this hotel to everyone. It is very central to everything you need in New York. The Adjoining Tick Tock Diner is great value for a late night snack or an early morning coffee. Would definately stay there again. 
7834 We were in Affinia Dumont for 1 week in February. It is a very nice place with friendly and helpful staff. The location is great to reach every place of interest in Manhattan also on foot !!! 
7835 Quite pricey, but all New York hotels are. Room was a bit small, but absolutely spotless, modern and everything needed for our stay. When looking for a hotel in NY we wanted somewhere safe, clean and not far from all the sights. The Belnord did not disappoint!! 
7836 Spent 4th of July weekend there. Very modern looking hotel, very clean, comfy beds and great location. Got a great deal through Expedia-good value for Manhattan. 
7837 Hotel has excellent location. Rooms are a good size for downtown hotel. All the comfort you'd expect from Intercontinental brand. All-in-all a very comfortable stay. Would recommend this hotel. Had a minor issue with my credit card being double billed, but that was resolved with a telephone call. 
7838 Stayed for the 2nd time at The Plaza Hotel and once again they exceeding my expectations. The overall experience was brilliant. This hotel has the best address in Manhattan and as soonas youw alk through the door you get exceptional service and quality. 
7839 Dit hotel biedt een comfortabel verblijf aan op slechts 10 min. van Times Square en 5 min. van Central Park. Enige nadelen: de irritant kleine en trage liften, het niet altijd even vriendelijke personeel en de herrie 's avonds van de vuilniswagens. 
7840 Since you don't go to NYC to spend too much time in your hotel, this is an OK place to stay. Free breakfast, friendly staff. Cabs convenient. Felt safe. Hotel seemed near capacity, so it must fit the needs of many. 
7841 quiero destacar el buen servicio brindado por sr tito en front desk y por solomon berko en la cafeteria gracias flia cohen 
7842 The location can NOT be beat. Accomodation are nice, clean, comfortable. No extras. I was disappointed I wasn't able to check-in early. 
7843 Stayed for two nights and thought it was the best I've stayed in so far in NYC (much better than the run-down Plaza next door). Rooms were great, bathroom was huge, service was excellent. When you pay this much, this is what you should be getting. No complaints. 
7844 Clean, updated room, spacious shower, friendly staff. Would come back again. 
7845 Loved the W! It is not the best location, so you will spend extra on cabs or have to drive to get out. The rooms are a little small, but the bar is fun and had fun people at night. Friendly responsive staff. Overall great experience. 
7846 Stayed four nights at this hotel and was so pleased with every aspect of our visit. Location, price, cleanliness and especially the the front desk employees. Natasha and Trinita were extremely friendly and helpful. I highly recommend the Econo Lodge. 
7847 Excellent location, nice price, good service from all of the staff, free wine and cheese every afternoon, free breakfast, free WIFI - are there anything else to say? Try Casablanca for yourself! 
7848 I would definitely recommend this hotel: good location, convenient to subway We paid a little extra for a room with a view, and it was worth it: we had a nice corner room! 
7849 Great location stylish lobby bar. Tiny rooms as always in new York. A typical w hotel, but I have staid at mor fancy w hotels before. Nevertheless the best address if you want to be near times square. We had a cool corner room. 
7850 The hotel is average fro a Hampton Inn, but for manhattan that means a great value. It is clean, comfortable, decent breakfast, close to subway. This is a good choice for a vacation or business stop. Front desk was very helpful and kind. 
7851 Have stayed here several times with my teen daughter and teen niece. Location is excellent, hotel is clean Would be nice to see it renovated, especially the bathroom, however very functional and always a good stay. Staff very helpful. 
7852 My first stay at the Affinia and chose it based on trip advisor recommendations. The ratings didn't lie, the service from door to door was excellent. The rooms were surprisingly bigger than expected. 
7853 Simply, it's a great hotel. The staff was incredible. The views from a corner room were great. But, be ready to pay for this an adequate price, including $50 for overnight parking and $60+ continental breakfast for two. 
7854 Perfect location super close to Time Square and everthing else. Very friendly staff. Rooms were comfortable,small bathroom but for the price you can't beat the location. 
7855 From checkin to checkout everything was wonderful. Friendly, helpful front desk and concierge, very clean rooms and surprised my daughter with a bday cake! Wouldn't stay anywhere else when going to Manhattan now. 
7856 Good location and excellent service I went with my kids and everything was good. 
7857 Nice quiet street... I had a single room (shared bath) facing 17th street. The bathrooms were clean, as was my room... The staff was friendly.. Overall.. I had a great time for $100/ night... I would definately stay here again.... 
7858 great hotel,great location, very good choice. Large rooms very comfortable 
7859 Flatiron hotel was a fantastic place to stay in New York. The beautiful room on 10th floor was amazing (toshi suite). The staff was very helpful and friendly. I would love to stay there again and so would my family (husband + children (age 18 + 20) 
7860 I requested that the travel agent not book me at this hotel again. The shuttle driver took forever to pick us up and it seriously smelled like a wet dog in the hallway and in the room. There were hairs in the bathroom which creeped me out. 
7861 This is a fine hotel. We were busy and didn't really get to enjoy many of the amenities but everyone was friendly. The hotel was clean, linens nice. Location can't be beat! They seriously jack up the price for the New Year but that is to be expected. 
7862 We spent the Christmas Holiday at the Four Seasons and there is not one thing that we could have improved upon. Everyone was very friendly and always ready to help. 
7863 Not too many hotels in the Tribeca/ financial district. Good location for business and prices are fair. Service was ok as was food. I would come back. 
7864 Everyone was friendly and the rooms were large. Staying in such a wonderful and friendly place made our trip even that much better. My husband is a runner so being across from Central Park was an added bonus. Already planning another trip there in the fall. 
7865 On the Ave, very modern hotel in great location, all the amenities you need at reasonable price. rooms good sized by NY standards, clean and comfortable, few blocks from central park, museum of natural history, lots of great restaurants. Very courteous helpful staff. 
7866 Great location, stylish and not too small rooms (which is not a given in NYC...) - and it of course helps I got a great deal from booking.com. Nonetheless, I love Thompson hotels, and at my first time at this one, it gets confirmed again 
7867 The hotel is in a perfect location for visiting the city. 
7868 Loew's Regency needs updating of the rooms and bathrooms. The location and service are great. There are not enough plugs to handle my laptop, smart phone and my wife's smart phone. The bathroom is right out of the 1960's and is small. 
7869 My stay was fantastic and major place in New York like Central Park and Times Square are very close by 
7870 Great Hotel. Good location short walk to Times Square and Empire State. Room ideal,quiet with good facilities. Staff very friendly and most helpful. Southgate Towers is an ideal base for a trip to NYC 
7871 Whimsical lobby and room design, comfortable rooms with lots of space, great location and exceptional attention to detail. If you need a funky and comfortable place to stay in Chicago I would TOTALLY suggest this property. 
7872 Impecable hotel, exelente ubicacion, impactantes vistas desde las habitaciones y confiterias, ya sea la del piso 8 y mejor aun la del 48. 
7873 The Washington Square Hotel is a great little hotel right on Washington Square in Greenwich Village. It has a wonderful bar and delicious food at its restaurant. The staff are all friendly and you are within walking distance of some of NYC's most fun neighborhoods. 
7874 We have stayed at the Muse a few times and always have had a good experience. The location is great and the rooms are nice. 
7875 Old and tired with small rooms. Free wifi downstairs but not in rooms. The location is excellent, just minutes away from the subway, supermarkets and laundrette. Microwaves are available, and there is a fridge in the room. The price is the big drawcard. You will not find cheaper in Manhattan. 
7876 I stayed at the W recently and had a great experience overall. Yes, the room are a bit small but very clean and the staff is really friendly. Plus the location is ideal-I will definitely consider staying there again. 
7877 Very friendly staff.(Morning, afternoon, nights and middle of night). Loved my stay especially wednesday evening dinner for the guest. 
7878 Iam always impressed with this hotel. The rooms are beautiful and tastefully decorated. It is located next to a great town center full of neat shops and great resturants. I enjoy the complimentary breakfast and limo service. 
7879 Great location!!! Can walk and see the sights... shopping, restaurants!!! W has great drinks and excellent service ... The New York steak was excellent with the speical onions. Very friendly everyone knew their job!!!!!! 
7880 Great service, perfect location, large & comfortable bed, could be a bit cleaner, but overall a superb New York experience! We will definitely go back there when we visit NYC again! 
7881 Stayed with son, daughter-in-law and a 2 year old. We had two suites and had lots of space. We had a small kitchen for making breakfast and occasional take out dinners. Neighborhood better than I had remembered. Close to transportation and walking distance to good restaurants. 
7882 Great, Clean, Quiet hotel! Stayed in the Executive King room which was 300 square ft! My fiance & I LOVED it! You'll forget you're in NYC its so quiet! 
7883 Hotel buona posizione per visitare Manhattan. SI trova sulla 42st e dista circa 1.5km da TIme Square. Camere pulite e spaziose. La colazione non l'hoprovata ma a New York basta uscire che si trova di tutto. 
7884 Love the staff, Cluade the bell man is the best, check in is kind and considerate, love to jog in Central Park just one block away. 5th Ave shopping is around the corner, cant beat the location! 
7885 On 31th floor, looking directly to the Times Squares sights, its impossible do not love this hotel. Clean, very good rooms and the faster check-in ever. A little french atmosphere, without frills, combines with all the caothic rush that comes from street. 
7886 Good location and nice rooms, the price is accordingly. 
7887 this was a great budget hotel with free coffee an muffins each morning great staff and great location by empire state and macy's. staff friendly and helpful was on 10th floor and everything was great cannot praise enough would thoroughly recommend xxx 
7888 I have now stayed at this hotel twice over the past 6 months. It does what it says on the tin: good business hotel, new-ish, very clean rooms, anmazing view of the Empire State Building if you ask nicely, free wifi and free basic breakast. Good customer service, great location. 
7889 This is NOT the Holiday Inn you remember as a kid. Very recently redecorated and nicely appointed, great location, quiet, bar/restaurant attached. Great value for the money. You have to park your own car but there are a couple garages within 1-2 short blocks. 
7890 This is a typical Hilton Garden Inn. It is clean, easy access to the airport and is the best choice for a quick overnight stay for an early departure. There are other airport hotels - most are tired, some are nasty - this is not. 
7891 I stay here all the time for work and look forward to being taken well care of. The staff is always friendly and the rooms are always comforting and inviting. Would highly recommend staying here for business or pleasure! 
7892 We arrived at the hotel at 6 am after a 10 hour flight from Brazil, they gave us a room right away and after a shower we were able to enjoy NYC on our first day!! 
7893 Perfect Hotel in every way. Calm, large rooms, excellent staff, excellent location. 
7894 Liked the location, room was nice and the staff was friendly and helpful. 
7895 The location, the service, the rooms- excellent -just what I expect from Le Meridien... 
7896 when you pay for the service for bell men it would be nice after along day of shopping and walking for a bell men to just open the door instead of talking to the fornte desk girls 
7897 The hotel is so close to times square as we walked there most of the time. The staff were more than helpful and the hotel was great as it was like a mini apartment and would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NY 
7898 Design conscious hotel with excellent service and amazing bed, probably best in NYC 
7899 Enjoyed the outdoor space and gratis coffee Sunday am. 
7900 Thank you for the stay at your hotel. Many family times have become unaffordable ie., movies, sporting activities. I appreciate that a nice, comfortable facility offers specials to give us the opportunity to enjoy a family weekend. Great location. Very convenient. 
7901 Request a king bed with hotel stay and they reserved a queen room. Hotel staff not knowledgeable of hilton rewards or hilton services. If you don't travel with conditioner, don't expect this hotel to provide this common hotel service. Over priced, didn't gedt my monies worth. 
7902 The location cannot be beat. We got a deal by hotwire for 175$ a night. Small rooms but clean and they have everything you need as a tourist or business travel. You can walk to central park, empire state bldg, and times square. Broadway shows are close as well. 
7903 Il New Yorker Hotel e' davvero un ottimo hotel nella sua categoria! Posizione davvero strategica, in pochi minuti e a piedi si e, nel cuore della citta'! Camera con letto Queen davvero confortevole e soprattutto pulita! Consiglio davvero a tutti questo Hotel!!! 
7904 Wonderful stay, great help from Mohammed and incredibly big rooms. I will definitely be a regular at The Benjamin from now on! 
7905 Had a great time at the W. The hotel was trendy, our room was really clean, and the service was wonderful! The location was a bit quiet for the weekend since its located in the financial district, but everything was easy enough to Our concierge, Eden, was especially helpful! 
7906 Hotel was quiet and clean. Would definitely go back. 
7907 Loved this hotel, we got a room with a great bed and nice fluffy sheets and down comforter. It was very clean had great showers and an amazing view! Also, the location is just excellent. Definitely recommend this hotel! 
7908 This hotel is very tired. Although the location is great, the room I had (concierge level) needed new carpet, wallpaper and more. The bed was comfortable. The lobby is the ugliest I have ever seen. 
7909 I've been in many FS hotels around the world and in most of them i had a great time. The rooms are big but the furniture is outdated and comparable to a 3 star hotel. Absolutely NOT WORTH THE MONEY SPENT. FS must renovate and beautify the depressing rooms. 
7910 These rooms are so small you can barely move!!!! Also, very far from Michigan avenue. We have stayed in Chicago numerous times, by far the worst experience. 
7911 This hotel (Hilton garden Inn, Houston Energy Corridor) is by far the most accomadating hotel in Houston. The people are very friendly and service is excellent. I've stayed there well over 30 times in the last two years 
7912 Street noise is pretty constant, but to be expected given its location. Omar and his staff are second to none. They're very professional and friendly. They're great resources for travel tips and information. The only complaint was WiFi. Reception was spotty and I wasn't able to access email. 
7913 A very decent hotel. Great location near (just a few blocks) Grand Central, front desk service is excellent. Clean room. Would stay here again. Big rooms, comfortable bed. Lobby is gorgeous. 
7914 This hotel is 1 block off Michigan Avenue in short walking distance to AG place and Water Tower. King suite is very spacious and comfortable with nice views. Only valet parking is available at a rate of $50 per day. 
7915 Intercontinental Chicago offers very good location accompanied by good standard of comfort. I spent one week in the hotel, and overall I am very pleased with my stay. 
7916 Me & my family have been living here for almost a yr. The stay and service here have been great!!! The just did a face lift on the property!!! Management is always attentive!! U'll love it!! Close to everything! 
7917 we stayed here in july 11 when we were in ny for a family wedding. the hotels location is perfect, its very clean and comportable. rooms are small eough but that was to be expected. overall i thought this hotel was fantastic value. 
7918 Large rooms, very good location and spot on service. The highlight though was the best concierge I've had the pleasure of experiencing. Thank you David for your top notch restaurant recommendations and positive and fun demeanor!!! 
7919 This hotel offers glamour, luxury and makes you believe you are living a life worthy of appearing in Sex in the City! The staff are beautiful and cool but supremely helpful and approachable. 
7920 Look no further than the empire for your llandudno hotel,yet another super weekend,fab food,beautiful bedroom,excellent staff,lovely pool and great beauty treatments.Family run hotel-you can tell the difference.Have been visiting here for 12 years.Highly recommend. 
7921 Room was great! Everyone at the hotel was sooooo friendly. Breakfast was great! Loved it and will return!!!! 
7922 Perfect location rooms very nice albeit a tiny bit small. Service was great from Will who greeted our cab upon arrival (and departure :-) ) to Patrick who checked us in. Great stay, will return. 
7923 It was definitely small but they had thought of everything and made great use of the space. Really happy with the experience although slightly concerned about the charges to call home, it cost over $50 for a very short call to the UK. 
7924 Stayed 4 nights. Good locotion with view to Empire State building from room. The only thing we missed was refrigiator on room, the other things was very good. 
7925 we were going to stay at a hotel that was more money and not nearly as nice, but got lucky with an email from le parker merdien with a sale!! we stayed at lpm for a lower price then the 2 star hotel we were going to originally book. 
7926 A great hotel if you are staying downtown in Houston. The pool and spa are wonderful, the in room dinning is great, and the quality of the services are unmatched. There are flashier hotels in town, but for my money there is not a place that does luxury better. 
7927 Excellent location in the heart of Manhattan. So quiet, had no idea just how crazy busy it was outside. Slept soundly and the free wifi was a real bonus. The staff were pleasant and knowledgeable and we can't wait to go back! 
7928 Beautiful view from high end property. Well locaed for walking the city. Breakfast was very good quality and fruit was amazing. Excellent service all around. Don't hesitate to book. 
7929 hotel super buen Ubicado!! no hay hotel en Times Square con mejor ubicacion! pero al parecer relizar limpieza cada mes , a la persona con la que iba la atacaron unas Chinches y al parecer la contagiaron de algo. 
7930 the hotel itself right in the Time Square.easy to get around.Me and my Partner is HHonor gold member.didnt get upgraded but we did get free internet during the stay and free breakfast.free newspapers,service can be a bit better, 
7931 We stayed 5 night in this hotel with our family - 2 teenage boys. This hotel is in a great location. 2 minutes from Times Square with many bakeries just around the corner for breakfast. (Amy's bakery is simply the best for breakfast ...intimate and delicious). Would recommend. 
7932 We have stayed at the Modern B&B many times. Each time has been wonderful. The rooms are very comfortable and the location is over the top. We look forward to going back. 
7933 Great value, even though expensive, you get what you pay for. Decent sized rooms. Wonderful pool. Fantastic breakfast, beautiful spa. Bar for late afternoon drinks, wonderful views and friendly staff. Go see for yourself. 
7934 When we arrived we had huge expectations based on feedback and it didn't disappoint. Very relaxed but attentive if you needed help. The hotel especially the lounge was very warm at times and the bath very small but other than that we were extremely pleased... 
7935 Excellent location. Close to airport. Staff was exceptional, very accomadating in every way. Would recomend to everyone. 
7936 The Waldorf was fabulous. The service was excellent. Everyone was extremely helpful and pleasant. No line at check in! Luggage arrived in room immediately. Rooms were updated and elegant. A first class hotel. 
7937 For location and value, can't beat it. Basic, clean and safe accommodation. Easy walking distance of the great sights, round the corner from Times Square. Not for you if you want luxury, but if you're here to sightsee and want a decent place to stay, it's perfect. 
7938 Do not stay in this hotel, i returned home with bed bug bites! Hotel manager is rude and should be fired (Shafiq). Hotel use to be called Red Roof, seriously pay more to stay in a hotel that you are safe and clean in. 
7939 Elegant quiet rooms, friendly staff. Located in a beautiful neighorhood meant for strolling & enjoying gorgeous mansions. Surrounded by top restaurants, shopping & not far from Lake Michigan. 
7940 Hotel au chambre il est vrai tres petite mais d'une excellente tenue et proprete excellente!le gros avantage est la situation geographique, a deux pas de times square et le petit dejeuner gratuit absolument delicieux!!!! 
7941 The rooms in the Allerton are very small and outdated. The breakfast is not so good, some staff is friendly, but most are not. There are nicer hotels in Chicago... 
7942 Great break. Service was could not be better. Rooms were very nice and clean and comfortable. 
7943 Great place to stay if you are out all day exploring. We stayed here due to a sale on Expedia and picked up a studio room for $50 per night. The rooms are not great, but if you are simply looking for a place to sleep, the place is fine. 
7944 This is a 4 star hotel but should be a 5 star - opulant rooms (each one is a suite), friendly staff and not pompous. Loved the complimentary limousine service. My hotel of choice in New York 
7945 very nice rooms in a decent neighborhood- not too close to attractions, though 
7946 Must agree with other Reviews. Stayed recently with my wife and 8 year son,for a long weekend. Couldn't have asked for a better experience 
7947 Breakfast was much better than expected,with a lot of choice. Very central location. Will be at the top of the list for our next visit. 
7948 My wife and I were in town for the marathon, and this place exceeded every expectation that I had. The room was very comfortable, and I especially enjoyed the indoor pool. This is the closest hotel to the Expo and finish line. I strongly recommend it! 
7949 Very Clean, Friendly Service, and Comfortable. Will stay there again!!!! 
7950 I stayed 3 nights on business trip, the hotel has big rooms, clean, location is fantastic near Times Square, very kind and polite staff , expecially thanks to Ms Elisabeth E. - front desk manager. 
7951 Perfect. Everything you could want and then some. Room was spotless. Bed was comfortable. Room service food was very good. Staff very helpful. Up-to-date technology. 
7952 si quieren estar en la isla, entre central park y time square, que todo les quede cerca y pagando aprox 110 usd por noche... alli estaran en el mejor sitio, ademas, esta bonito. 
7953 Stayed here during a business trip last month. Excellent location! Nice room and decor. Will certainly come back. 
7954 Als je voor dit hotel kiest en je wil op de meest perfecte locatie zitten, moet je niet gaan klagen over de inrichting. Kies dan voor een ander hotel, kost je veel meer. En eigenlijk slaap je er alleen maar. Of je bent een enorme snob die voor weinig veel......... 
7955 Our stay was incredible, I haven't written a review before but my experience was so great that I had to do this. Our room was great, the service was incredible, and they made our trip in NY that much more memorable. 
7956 We stayed at the HSH from Dec. 12 - 14, 2007. Location is very good. Room was excellent and the bed was the best. Front desk staff were very pleasant and extremely helpful. Would not hesitate to stay here again. Will definitely recommend this hotel to our friends. 
7957 This place is dated and decrepit. Furniture is ready for Goodwill. Unattractive lobby. Chipped paint and tiny bathroom. Depressing. Good location does not make up for the run-down quality of the hotel. Stay somewhere else and use the good Chicago public transportation to get to the sights. 
7958 Whatever you want; they prepare in a small room. Even I am an Asian girl. I feel the room is tiny; however, it is practical for a solo traveling in big apple. If you choose the location, this place is a good choice. 
7959 The room was beautiful, the staff was outstanding, the value was superb. I would recommend this location to anyone that is looking for quality and affordability. 
7960 Vickie Bellinghausen provides excellent reservation service. 
7961 Everytime I'm in New York I stay at The Time, the service is excellent, it's in the heart of the city and the rooms are big, Kenneth was a huge help both times we've stayed there, great service! I will definitely be back. 
7962 Rooms are amazing, large and comfy! Bathroom I dream about. Service was insanely good. Will stay again! Skip the restaurant. Over priced and many better spots around! 
7963 Surprised to see that the room was much better than the lobby area. Room has a nice comfy bed, and everything is clean. A/C works well. Name brand toiletries is a plus. Location is within walking distance to Empire State Building, Penn Station and Times Square. 
7964 Excellent location, best site in town. Good and service, poor room cleanliness, but still good value for your money 
7965 I think the location was skecthy and there seemed to be a lot of riffraff outside. The bed was a bit lumpy. Good size room. Nice helpful staff. Cheap rates and no real charm. You get what you pay for. 
7966 This hotel is very good and new. The room we stayed was perfect. The bathroom is very beatiful and clean. The staff is very helpfull. Next time in NY we will stay there again. 
7967 Perfecte ligging van dit nieuwe hotel. In rustige straat gelegen, tussen twee metrostations in en op loopafstand van Penn station. Keurige kamers met heerlijke bedden. Aardige en zeer behulpzame staf. Aanrader! 
7968 Worth a visit. Good size rooms and not much more expensive than lesser standard hotels. I hear the burger joint there is awesome, but I didn't get time to try it. Great coffee in Knave bar. Will stay again next time I'm in NYC. 
7969 Good location. Good room service. Room are big ( for NY). Free Wi-Fi. Breakfast is poor. 
7970 The hotel front staff weren't very friendly, but for the price and location it was a great place to stay. The room was cleaned and very comfortable. I would stay there again and would reccomend to friends. 
7971 Stayed here October 2006 very disapointed with the hotel as soon as we got of the lift i new what was coming.Needs a big clean up. 
7972 Renaissance Hotel & Times Square, a winning combination.Room very comfortable, staff very friendly. If you are going to New York then this is the best location to stay and this has to be one of the best hotels. 
7973 Hotel con ubicazione ottima. Il servizio lascia molto a desiderare, camere piccolissime ed invivibili. Abbiamo prenotato per 4 persone e ci hanno dato una stanza microba valida solo per 2 persone. Bagno fatiscente e sporco. Assolutamente da non ripetere. 
7974 Hotel is beautiful and luxurious. Staff is great. Great personal service. 
7975 Beautiful rooms, wonderfully warm and efficient staff. Good location and highly resourceful staff. The lift works perfectly, the shuttle is on hand to help customers and the location is just right. The connection to the mall is a tremendous shopping experience. I would go back there if I have to. 
7976 Everything about this hotel was wonderful, from the shower head to the ultra-comfortable bed. As a woman I rode the elevator with noted "This place is solid. They don't build them like this anymore." I found the hotel quiet, the service good, and the location perfect. The restaurant was excellent. 
7977 Ultra Clean Bathroom Quiet 3rd Floor Room Classy, Low Ego Staff Great Location, yet quiet Street 1/2 Block from Trump Tower Sparkling Water upon Arrival 
7978 Great midtown hotel. Large comfortable rooms. Breakfast was a little crowded, and there was no Buffet, You had to order everything like in a diner. 
7979 A clasic experience in hospitality. Great service with attention to every detail. Close to attractions and transportation. 
7980 In a city with hundreds of hotel choices avoid this one at any cost. Dirty, overpriced and old. This hotel is a dog. Yes it's close to Times Square but that is only reason to stay here. Cost is ridiculous at 500.00 a night!! 
7981 We really loved this hotel! Its very cozi and the staff is absolutelly friendly and helpful. Great location. Nice breakfast and happy hour. We will be back. 
7982 I have stayed at this hotel over 10 times in 2 years. The staff are great, the loation is great, the restuarant is excellent... you can't go wrong- and what a great price too! 
7983 This was my second stay at Affinia Gardens. The accomodations are quite spacious, and the staff (especially Kris) is very friendly and helpful. The location is perfect for me, and the street is relatively quiet. I definitely plan to stay there again on my next trip to NYC! 
7984 They boast of renovated rooms but I can't tell the bathroom is dingy the sheets are questionable. Great location, great price but you can't be picky about a spic and span room. My other colleagues are happy with their room. I am checking out right away. 
7985 Fantastic Location! Clean rooms, beautiful decor, and friendly staff. This hotel was so reasonably priced, we thought it might be sub-par. On the contrary, it was fantastic! Right near the Natural History Museum and Central park Try the Columbus Street bakery, down the street and to the right for breakfast. 
7986 Excellent view Great location Can walk or take subway to all the points of interest Had a great stay- no problems The View Restaurant and Lounge has incredible view of the city A must see at night No bed bugs! 
7987 very convient to the medical park. The bathrooms are small and the beds are not as comfortable as usual. The staff was extremely nice and helpful. Free shuttle service within two miles is a big help 
7988 I had stayed at the Empire Hotel in the 1960's and was delightfully suprised by its transformation into a 5-star luxury hotel. Very comfortable and great location! 
7989 Bastante bien,poco turista en el hotel y mucho ejecutivo .no tuvimos ninguna pega en el sentido de limpieza y atencion, quedamos muy agradecidos, 
7990 Our tour group stayed at the Salisbury June 28, 2009. We were welcomed warmly. The rooms were very large and comfortable. Everything was clean and neat. It was near so many things. What a nice place to stay! 
7991 I had the worst experience at the W Times Square. I wouldnt know where to start complaining o I better leave that. In NY you have plenty of hotels - but dont book this one. Marvin 
7992 The rooms are very small. I had a double room to myself so it was ok. The room was clean and the a/c worked. Bathroom was tiny. Staff were all friendly but on my next visit I'd look for somewhere else to stay. 
7993 Overall stay was good. The staff was pleasant and flexible when asked to make accommodations. Parking was pricey but if you travel over the weekend there is a parking garage across the street offering a much better deal for parking. 
7994 My husband & I stayed here on Dec 3rd. Everything about the room and bathroom seemed very old although the room was larger than most NYC hotel rooms. It was an okay stay but for $300+ I think we could have done a little bit better. 
7995 We stayed here in 2010 for a week and found the hotel to be very clean and well maintained. Staff very friendly and helpful (special thanks to Jill in the hotel bar. Location was ideal for everything, easy access to all main tourist attractions. Would stay here again without hesitation. 
7996 Loved everything about the hotel starting with the location to the look and feel of the hotel. The staff is amazing, the rooms very clean and comfortable. I am travelling to NY frequently and the Intercontinental will now be my first choice. 
7997 Stay at this hotel if you simply can't afford NY hotel prices. Rooms are small and dark. 
7998 Great hotel with good access to Battery Park and Statue of Liberty. Downside is it is a little far from midtown so could end up costing a fair bit in taxis. We paid $20 to get to times square out of rushhour. 
7999 This is the main reason why I would recommend this hotel...excellent!!! Good sized rooms, helpful staff and nicely furnished. Just slightly expensive but it's average for NY I was there during Sandy and they have all been very kind especially concierge 
8000 Really lovely reception staff who tried to help with everything. Rooms clean and quiet. The hotel is very close to Madisson Square Garden which was why we were there so it was ideal. 
8001 Much nicer than the Washinton Sofitel. Great service. Wonderful large and quiet room. Room Service efficent and tasty. Worth every penny. Very quiet. Bed very comfortable. Home away from home. 
8002 Eden Bernal was extremely helpful with my business needs for an important meeting. Much thanks to the rest of the staff including room service, housekeeping and the restaurant for the brakfasts and lunches serverd to our group. 
8003 Hotel was superb with great views of the Empire state building, staff could not have been more helpful and friendly. Would have no hesitation in recommending or returning to this hotel. Great location for getting around New York and Macy's was everything you could imagine at Christmas time. 
8004 This hotel is great. Friendly staff and comfortable rooms. You can't expect anything huge in New York... But who wants to stay indoors anyway in such an amazing city... 
8005 An altogether great experience. Keira called the room after check-in to be sure all was ok; she was pleasant when I had a question about the bill. The room was comfortable and quiet, even with the El just across the way. Highly recommended. (And free parking!) 
8006 We loved Manhattan but felt that for the full price we were paying for the room it was extortionate and the service poor. We felt like a number rather than a valued guest. Complaints fell on deaf ears. 
8007 ottima posizione a sud del Loop, ben collegato. Economico ma dignitoso e pulito. Camera pulita ed accessoriata, favoloso il cucinino interno, se per risparmiare fate la spesa e vi preparate da mangiare! letti comodi. Colazione non inclusa. Ottimo il ristorante Thai annesso alla all dell'hotel! Connessione internet gratis 
8008 This hotel was perfectly situated for our visit to NYU and the Lower East Side Film Festival. Good value, safe and convenient to all sorts of things on foot. 
8009 all very good. nice staff, good rooms, plenty of space. 
8010 I enjoyed the stay at this hip property. Overall worked out fine, with a caveat for room size - my bedroom closet is indeed bigger :) 
8011 In the hubub of the area, this is a great oasis. It is very convenient to the el train system, so you can be mobile. Also, great eateries, shopping and such are closeby. They have some great deals on rooms, so check this property out! 
8012 This hotel is very clean! The staff was extremely helpful and polite. 
8013 Great hotel, clean, rooms good size, near Central Park, and good eating spots, great diner across the road for breakfast, would most definatley go back again> Close to transport bus & subway. 
8014 The hotel is very grand and in perfect location for all the sites I.e central park broadway etc. very clean but if looking for a modern hotel this is not the one for you but nothing wrong at all with the hotel. Would highly recommend 
8015 Excellent hotel in uptown area, next to subway. Our stay was great and whilst we really only slept there, the service was excellent. The receptionist extended our booking out time on the Sunday to 2pm without any issues. Thank you! 
8016 Stayed in the hotel twice and it was a very good experience. The staff were helpful both times and the rooms were in excellent condition. 
8017 rooms were okay, nice size for an old building, but they need some t.l.c. staff was friendly. location good. 
8018 The reception staff were very polite and helpful, the room was kept very clean. 
8019 Great small hotel (about 6 rooms per floor), great location, great bar with a view on the top floor. Close to subway as well. I will stay there again. 
8020 It was nothing buy avarage staff was unfriendly our aircon was broken, room wasnt ready at check in time booked it for the hostorical feel however for a few dollars more you can do allot better overall not whats advertised the location dis make up for the rest 
8021 everything about thishotel is superb...great location, great staff, rooms are immaculate(even if the standard rooms may be a little small but welcome to new york) and the bar and lounge is very warm and welcoming 
8022 Great service and location. Staff was very accomadting. They have improved each time i have stayed 
8023 We were sure glad we read some review before we booked into a NY hotel. We happened to see during our stay some others that we had considered - and they looked dreadful. This place was clean, tidy, well situated and reasonably priced - who could ask for more? 
8024 I loved the kitchenette in the room. With grocery stores nearby, we were able to have coffee and muffins without going out. The 10th floor was quiet, without street noice. Great location & helpful staff. 
8025 A great little hotel in a perfect location for a visit to New York. Great staff, very comfortable rooms, spotless! Nice breakfast. Very reasonable price for such a little gem. 
8026 Having stayed in Times Sq on a previous visit, this area made a pleasant change. Close to Central Park/museums etc. Staff all very friendly. In-room safe lacking, but safety-deposit available for small valuables. Very clean 
8027 We've stayed here a couple of times and really like this place. Rooms are small but quiet. Staff is nice. Breakfast is good. No complaints. Recommend if you're looking for a centrally located, comfortable hotel. 
8028 If you want to stay on the upper west side this is a nice hotel, well located, with friendly and helpful staff. I enjoyed my stay here - thanks Hotel Beacon. 
8029 I've been in this hotel two times, for holidays, everything was perfect. Very helpfull staff. Excellent Restaurant. 
8030 Filthy kitchen, bedbugs in many rooms, & Horrible customer service. I suggest staying at the much better Intercontinental hotel next door 
8031 What can I say about this hotel. position is perfect, just around the corner from times square all the broadway shows, rooms are great, resturant great food would recommend to anybody to stay here and if we visit again we will also stay here again 
8032 I can always rely on the Four Seasons for a luxurious get away from it all weekend retreat. The rooms are always clean and lush. The staff is ever so friendly, and as hard as I work...I like to treat myself in style when I retreat. 
8033 Thought this place was outdated. Rooms were small but all hotels are like that in NY. Although the bathrooms were smaller than usual. I could touch from wall to wall while standing up. On a brighter note it is centrally located. 
8034 Good hotel with a simple but okay breakfast. Bed is a bit too hard and the room is very small, but with a vacation you are only in the room to sleep. Bathroom perfect. Nice people working there. 
8035 Good location, fair rooms. Nothing special, but nothing terrible either. 
8036 l'hotel est bien et permet de visiter tout NY depuis Times Squareles metro emmene partout!! 
8037 We enjoyed our stay tremendously!! The staff were very accommodating, the rooms were clean and comfortable. 
8038 I have stayed at OTA previously; have never had any problems; felt safe with my daughter; very convenient to subway station, places to eat, other areas of NYC; also close to Museum of Science and Natural History 
8039 Great location, price and very comfortable. 
8040 I guess the good location made up with anything that 's lacking from the hotel..reasonably clean and good free wi-fi connection.. 
8041 Top Lage nettes Personal sauber klein aber schick 
8042 The room I had was extremely clean! Staff was VERY courteous and very nice! The lobby and all the amenities were AMAZING!! I would recommend this hotel to anyone would wants a REAL NYC experience!! 
8043 Great location in quiet Murray Hill neighborhood- 5 min walk to Empire State, Macy's. Lots of restaurants nearby. Helpful staff. Large room- very surprising for NYC- clean, continental breakfast was decent but breakfast room gets very crowded. I would recommend this hotel to friends,family and stay here again- good value 
8044 Age is getting to the JW Marriott. The location is great the hotel was clean but it sure could use some upgrading. My overall experience was good but I would look for another hotel on my next trip. 
8045 wonderfull stay, you can find there everything what you are lokking for: very friendly staff, verry clean rooms, great breakfast, great location- close to everything- shoping, restaurants Stay there 
8046 Great Hotel, not one complaint. After much searching on the net, decided on the Roosevelt Hotel, seemed to be one of the few that was reaonably priced with good reviews. Great location, soooo close to Times Square, Rockerfellar Plaza, Shopping on 5th and Madison. 
8047 Great location. The rooms were clean and the beds comfortable. The bathroom was updated and very clean. The view from our room was excellent. Staff was accommodating and friendly. Triple A discount was appreciated. I would definitely recommend this hotel. 
8048 The location is fantastic, easy access to the subway and various attractions. The staff wonderful and very helpful and knowledgable. The rooms were spacious and clean. 
8049 We stayed here on a busy Chicago weekend and it wasnt worth the price. We payed for location and that was it. The room was below average and the front desk seemed overwhelmed. Would not stay here again for $150+. 
8050 i visited at september 09 , and i've great deal on net , normally little bit expensive, but my deal is best hotel is New , all things is ok. You can try 
8051 Could not be in a better location, staff very helpful, room clean not particually big, hotel would possibly benefit from brighting up with a refit but generally ok 
8052 I was stranded in the hotel during Sandy for over 3 days. The hotel is luxurious and the staff (particularly 2 chaps names Jack and Charlie) made the stay most enjoyable. Highly recommended! Great vibe, helpful staff and located in the heart of New Y 
8053 Location is great. If you don't want to be in a busy tourist area then don't stay at this hotel. The rooms are clean with comfortable beds. My only complaint would be that the internet is not free. 
8054 I stayed in the Pod hotel for a week in March. The hotel itself was good, great location and good price. What would stop me from staying there again is the ensuite "shower room". I would not stay in this hotel with anyone who I did not know extremely well. 
8055 Better view than described. Easy to get to. Great courteous service throughout hotel. Bar has excellent city views. Restaurant unusual oriental-Italian fusion theme. Ease of access to Merchandise Mart shops, food court and CTA station. Would love to stay here on my next visit to Chi'town. 
8056 This hotel has everything! The rooms are well-appointed with beautiful modern marble baths. The hotel is close to everything from Times Square to Central Park, NBC studios, Grand Central Station and great shopping on 5th Avenue. You couldn't ask for a more gracious and friendly staff. 
8057 The hotel was clean, and in a great location. Easy access in and out. Staff was very helpful. I did not use many of the amenities. However, I would imagine that they were all great. 
8058 Great location, expensive breakfast, ok size rooms for NYC, needs a renovation. 
8059 Fantastic hotel, Amazing service, great location, stunningly clean and well maintained 
8060 I saw 2 matresses on two seperate floors removed as well as the bedding. Several of our friends and their kids had bites all throughout the week. Terrible experience and the hotel was dirty! Never ever waste your money on this hotel! 
8061 Traveling with my 100 lb. lab. Checked in after a long trip from C.R. The staff was great, gave us a room near a side entrance convenient to a large grassy area to walk my dog. Food in restaurant was above average. Would stay there again! 
8062 Wonderful service and equally wonderful hotel. Not the cheapest but it was a treat for my wife. One of the "must do" hotels as you travel around the world. 
8063 I recently visited Manhatten and stayed in Holiday Inn Express New York City-Wall Street. This hotel is centrally located close to Wall street subway station. Room was very small as can be expected but are clean. Bathroom very basic with shower only. 
8064 Great help in letting us keep our room an extra day as our flight was cancelled due to snow. 
8065 Hotel muito grande, com muitos apartamentos, no centro de NYC 
8066 better to sleep on the street you do not have a lobby and extra charges for everything if been there once you will never come back there 
8067 This is the second time I have stayed at this Hampton Inn , I would not stay any place else, the staff are always happy to help you in anyway they can, love seeing a smiling face anytime night are day, rooms are always clean and comfortable 
8068 Stayed here for a business trip and enjoyed the professional and personable service upon arrival and departure. Will definitely be back! The rooms were great too! 
8069 I loved staying at the St.Giles. It was trendy, fun, comfortable, excellent location and impeccable service. 
8070 Great location but our room was VERY small and our basin did not work and even after reporting it was never fixed or acknowledged. No view from our hotel but not a major thing. Would be good to have tea/coffee facilities in the room. 
8071 Small rooms, but comfortable and well appointed. Location worked great for me, and front desk staff was helpful. Wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. 
8072 This hotel is in a prime location in the middle of time square. The rooms are nice, and the staff friendly. It was very quiet and convenient. Very expensive, but understandable for the location. 
8073 Clean Hotel. Very well maintained. The restaurant below is OK, nothing great, but children eat free. They have a shuttle 24/7 that will take you to Midway including the subway station. The service is good and friendly. Free parking. 
8074 Company visit with 10 people visiting from Sweden. Excellent service from the staff who helped with restaurant booking, recommendations. Clean and comfortable rooms. Quiet. Rooftop bar should have been open considering the long warm spell. 
8075 We had so much staying here, from the elevator music to the wonderful views (which you can see from the shower). The cabins made excellent use of space and the multiple outlets were much appreciated. 
8076 I've stayed here numerous times on business travel. Generally, the rooms are larger (by NYC standards) and clean. The location is good. I wish they had more staff to help with luggage and check-in. 
8077 We stayed there for a weekend in mid-November and it was easily the best hotel that I have ever had the pleasure of staying in. Beautiful room, great service - I will be back! 
8078 GRAZIE ALLE ALTRE RECENSIONI ABBIAMO DECISO DI PRENOTARE IN QUESTO HOTEL. ANCHE SE NON IN POSIZIONE CENTRALE,MA BEN SERVITO DALLA METRO' IN FONDO ALLA VIA, OTTIMA STRUTTURA, PERSONALE GENTILE. SCONSIGLIO LA COLAZIONE IN HOTEL COSTAVA 15$ E AL'ANGOLO DELLA STRADA C'ERA STARBUCK'S E CON 10$ FACEVAMO COLAZIONE IN 3. 
8079 W New York is a wonderful property excellent location, hospitable staff, lovely guest rooms and fun lobby. The Acura experiences very helpful. F&B was all on par for the hotel. Going back next month and looking forward to another terrific stay. 
8080 Old rooms - no fridge ( only on request). smal beds. I's more like a *** star. 
8081 the rooms smelled bad the manager ms smith is arragont the rest food is nastttty 
8082 Hotel rilassante con tutti i comfort,personale gentilissimo e professionale,camera insonorizzata,ampia e con vista bellissima su tutta la parete a vetri. Stanza da bagno con doccia e vasca da bagno e mille saponi e profumi ogni giorno! Servizi eccellenti a 360". Ci tornerei volentieri! 
8083 We love NY Have visited new York many times and love the Hilton experiences! If you like downtown stay here! Great shopping near battery park, liberty and Ellis island and the memorial of 9/11 Great food' beautiful rooms and a wonderful new York atmosphere until we meet again xxx 
8084 My family and I had a wonderful stay and really enjoyed the conversations and customer service provided especially by George, Jessica, Yomayra,Terrance and Allen with dash away limo...We will definately be coming back soon. 
8085 Stayed here with young kids (6 & 8) to take them to their first broadway show. Hotel was very nice all around and well appointed. 
8086 Dont stay here unless you want your car burglarized. 
8087 This is a very conveniently located and upscale hotel in midtown NYC. Friendly personnel, very clean facilities and quite large rooms by New York standards. Four of us had 2 Deluxe Double rooms and thoroughly enjoyed our 4 night stay. 
8088 Rooms very modern and comfortable. Concierge helpful. Parking was the only negative. 
8089 Very rarely do I post a review for a hotel I've stayed in, but Dylan is the exception. Very nicely built and love the boutique style entrance. I thought the bathrooms were really nice and set the room apart from any other hotel I have stayed in NYC. Highly Recommend!!! 
8090 Stayed at the Milford Plaza for 6 nights with my children, 8 and 10. Really loved the hotel. Best location, rooms were older, but clean, staff was very nice and helpful. Would definitely stay here again! 
8091 As most of the reviews state, its a great little hotel and within a walk to B and H photo store, the main reason for visiting New York. Definately would stay here again. 
8092 This hotel was central for everything 
8093 The rooms where well equipped and very comfortable. I would recommend this hotel 
8094 Pros: service, location, free wifi, roof-top balcony, good decor Cons: room size, no one told us about the roof balcony so we found it by accident our last night, bathroom sink pretty but not very functional street noise 
8095 It was nice looking hotel. Service at front desk and door were great. The hotel needs to offer coffee in rooms, free wifi or something to offset the distance from most of the major attractions. You'll have to walk 1 mile to nearest subway or take plenty of cabs. 
8096 Great value and high quality hotel. We visited New York for a long weekend followed by a few days of business appointments. We will stay here the next time were in NY. 
8097 Breakfast was convenient and well stocked. Location was close enough to Central Park and Times Sqaure to walk. Restaurants and shops nearby. Busy. 
8098 Very clean Motel.....friendly staff...great location ...but all these men with their ladies???(If you can call them ladies) 
8099 Small boutique style hotel. Great location. Very quiet. Free internet. Good service. Room was typical New York size however it was fully renovated including the bathrooms. Had turndown service at night too. Reasonable price. 
8100 Excellent hotel located at the heart of NYC. Staff were very friendly! Rooms very cleans! Facilities were the same! Recommended for every kind of people/traveler! 
8101 I thought the Marcel was lovely. The room was large and spacious, as was the bathroom. Everything was very clean and tidy, and the staff were friendly. I really enjoyed staying in this hotel and would recommend it. 
8102 Modern hotel, ruime nette kamer. Wij zaten alleen aan de straatzijde, wat erg veel geluidsoverlast gaf. Ook als er op andere kamers gedouched werd, gaf dit geluidsoverlast. Locatie is perfect, alles op directe loopafstand (Empire State, Grand Central subway, 5th av., en diverse restaurants en diners voor ontbijt. 
8103 Hotel is in a good location, by the House of Blues. Interior Decor a little "dark" and maze like but banquet food service is very good. Meeting rooms are spacious for multi-day meetings. The guest rooms have a reptile and "dark" theme. 
8104 Great location, friendly stuff, nice and clean room. Very pleasant stay. We will be back. 
8105 checked in ,wih a confirmed room and confirmed corpoate rate- but the hotel was overbooked, so they tried to jack the rate ....be careful, check you bill ! rooms are dark and in need of maintenance. 
8106 Stayed for 3 nights during the ING New York Marathon. Great location. Walking distance to Central Park, Time Squre, Shopping, Museums, subways, etc. Room was very clean, nice size by NY standards. Food prices were high. Staff was always helpful. Highly recommend, would stay again. 
8107 We were delighted with this hotel. The location is great, close to Subway stations and very nice neighbourhoods. The view from our room on the 17th floor was stunning, and the breakfast was outstanding 
8108 Stayed here for three nights. The room was very clean and quiet. Approx 5 min walk to Rockfeller Center and 10 min walk to Time Square and theater district. Approx 10 min walk to central park. Great location for mid town. Would stay here again if visiting NYC. 
8109 ist time in new york and was pleased with hotel .excellant location great coffee shop and nice bar with jazz a regular feature 
8110 rooms a bit on old fashioned side but clean and plenty of hot water and clean towels .would stay here again jct 
8111 A very recently inaugurated hotel. Located near Penn Station and within walking distance of Empire state. It has a nice and modern view and very pleasant and helpful staff. 
8112 Buona posizione, vicino a shopping area, attrazioni turistiche e stazione della metropolitana. Hall e reception molto accoglienti. Camere abbastanza accoglienti. Infrastrutture tecnologiche limitate: business center di dimensioni ridotte, collegamento internet solo a pagamento e senza wireless. 
8113 Great hotel, great location and great value especially if you take advantage of the advance booking rates. 
8114 Can't beat the location. Walked across the street to the Gershwin to see Wicked. Plenty of great restaurants close. Room was great. Breakfast was crowded but they kept it stocked. We will definitely choose this hotel again. 
8115 I enjoy staying at laquinta just because I like to bring my boys along, my 2 chihuahuas, but I have never stay at such a nice hotel. The staff was extremely friendly, including the best front desk man Oscar. I will be staying here again! 
8116 The location is great, just a few blocks from the Mile. The staff were very friendly and were especially nice to my kids and my dog. I will stay here on my next trip to Chicago. 
8117 Excelent arrive steady departure. Great breakfast and pool sleep great. I have two litte chihuahua walk around block excellent area quiet and secure 
8118 meravigliosa posizione a due passi da time square hotel pulito confortevole personale disponibile 
8119 One of the best hotels in the lower 48, will we be back... definitely! The hotel and its staff are top notch. It made for an unforgettable experience from A to Zaza ...great location and a fantastic hotel. Monarch was exquisite and fun and the staff was outstanding. 
8120 Nonostante le dimensioni la camera era accogliente e aveva tutto il necessario..posizione perfetta per girare manhattan..Vicino a qualsiasi cosa vi passi per la testa, dalla colazione alla metro al supermercato aperto 24h su 24...nei dintorni ottimo giapponese (ISE e SAKAGURA) e ottimo ristopub americano(pj clarke's)...ci tornerei! 
8121 Ideale centrale ligging, t.o. de metro, Times Square, Central Park op loopafstand. Omdat het midden in het centrum lag had je wat geluidoverlast. Ach dat hoort er ook bij. Wij (3 volwassenen) hadden een mooie ruime kamer, ruime badkamer. Wat gedateerd maar schoon! 
8122 sono stata all'affinia 50 per 4 notti , io , mio marito e il mio bimbo di 2 anni.La posizione e' ottima, perosnale gentilissimo.Le camere molto spaziose pulite e accoglienti.Da agente di viaggio lo consiglio vivamente a tutti. 
8123 Facilities were good, but the hotel was old and tired. Old smell when you walked the corridors. Still the charge was over 300 usd a night! The best thing about the hotel was the fitness centre. Good facilities, and water and fruits offered for visitors. 
8124 Very, very poor service. If you're looking for good service, suggest you consider other options. The management and staff of the hotel don't get the concept of good service. 
8125 Fabulous location, fabulous hotel, fabulous room - industrial-esque twist to the rooms, bathroom made of (underfloor heated) concrete, fire pipe as a shower ........it has a cool and trendy vibe yet is most unpretentious. Highly recommended 
8126 Good clean hotel with friendly staff and comfy room. We have stayed in many Radissons and this was just as good as the others. Easy access to all of the city and very helpful concierges. 
8127 Security Officer Dennis was a great help in locating and saving a lost item. He had it nicely packaged and waiting for us on a subsequent trip. We have tried other hotels on the Upper West Side but this will be our preferred stop from now on. 
8128 Room was comfortable and hotel loaction convenient for work and leisure. Hotel staff is very courteous and helpful. Have stayed several times in past and will do so again. 
8129 Very clean, I would stay there again! I went to a concert and got a good deal on this hotel. I loved the cookie you receive when you arrive, and I also loved the scent of the soap in the bathroom! 
8130 Room was noisy; hotel felt dirty; service was less than acceptable. 
8131 This is a place my husband and I always stay at when we would travel to Houston and now that we live in Houston this is one of our get away hotels. Excellent service, great location to the Galleria. Comfy beds and rooms, very clean. Great room service! 
8132 Great hotel! Wonderfull location! Best service! Everybody very friendly! Thanks for everything guys of the Sanctuary hotel! Carolina Machado Marcos Braga Machado Leonardo Abou Kamel Machado 
8133 The room was comfortable and sheet look and smell clean. The only thing I did not like was the floor of the bathtub was stained, it look dirty. 
8134 My recent stay at this hotel exceeded my expectations. The hotel look was amazing the rooms were spotless and the staff were all very friendly. The breakfast was great. My family will definately come back to this hotel. 
8135 Viajamos 4 de familia.el depto super comodo,muy limpio,muy bien ubicado! Tiene todo,cocina,heladera,tostador etc,esta muy bien ! 
8136 Great 4 star hotel in NY. Rooms are big and newly furbished. Hotel is very well located. Prices are very good regarding the quality you get and more especially comparing with other NY hotels. 
8137 This old hotel has a prime location and impressive lobby, however my room and bathroom were in desperate need of updating. 
8138 Seaport is a really nice location, ver underrated. We always stay at midtown and will certainly return here instead. Just a short subway ride away, and the Hampton is just great. Good breakfast, very friendly staff at (for NY) pretty reasonable price. 
8139 i had a great stay at the houston west chase location Red roof inn the front desk staff Mr corey and judy was great 
8140 Other than spotty elevator service, our stay at Le Parker Meridian Mid-town was more than satisfactory. Pleasant personnle, clean rooms, flexible maid service, and location is excellent. 
8141 Stayed at the Hotel for three nights over the Father's Day weekend. Even though the property was very crowded, the staff did a great job of keeping the breakfast well stocked. This is a nice property. We will return to this hotel. 
8142 A very comfortable and elegant hotel. The facilities (at least those I used) were excellent. 
8143 A very nice property, on a side street, however not creepy. Too bad that during some events (i.e. Fashion week) prices are increased exponentially. Friendly staff, a reliable complimentary internet connection, efficient kitchen corner. 
8144 This is the second time we have stayed at the Grand Hyatt and it is perfect for getting to everything in New York. We would definitely recommend it. 
8145 Hilton Garden Inn Time Square is a super Hotel for many reasons. Location is excellent to Restuarant Row, Time Square and Broadway. The rooms are always great, extremely friendly and helpful staff, and the BEST rooftop Hotel bar around the corner on the 16th floor as I've ever seen! 
8146 Clean rooms GREAT staff ,they were all very helpful. Todd went above and beyond for us looking for the best deals on parking and printing us maps to find our way around the city. we can not wait to come back! 
8147 Good location. Boring but comfortable. Room plenty big. Good views from higher floors, but windows were filthy. Breakfast was very nice if comped for Hhonors. For an expensive hotel, the constant sales pitch-everytime one left the elevator- to view time shares was annoying. 
8148 The hotel was clean. The staff was friendly. It may not have been fancy, but was a good place to stay for business near the airport. I especially appreciated the frequent airport shuttle service. 
8149 It's a little dated in the bathroom and communal corridors once you get upstairs but everything is clean and functional. Some great views down 52nd Street if you get a corner room. 
8150 Great location if you want to be away from tourist and close to the train and the park. The room was kind of small but not to bad for NYC. The only draw back was the horrible view of a brick wall even after I asked for a good view. 
8151 Great location;wonderful staff;beds to die for;showers that thrilled my 17 year old;turndowns my 8 year loved,and finally views that are amazing 
8152 So great! I liked the location, it made everything easy to walk. It was quiet. Use the South entrance to avoid the smell of horse droppings. 
8153 Hotel situato in una posizione ottima ad un passo da Time Square e dalla metropolitana. Con 5 minuti a piedi si arriva al Rockfeller center e con 10 minuti al Central Park. Le camere non sono grandissime ma confortevoli, sufficentemente pulite e accoglienti. 
8154 Good Hotel, close to time square, local attractions and public transportations. Good for some nights in NY. I am not sure about the value as I used points to stay. I recommend going for dinner at central station for Lobsters and Oysters. 
8155 Good central location for walking. Very helpful staff and pet friendly, we brought our small dog! Valet parking is expensive though! 
8156 The title really says it all. It's more of an extended stay kind of place in a slighty dodgy neighborhood. If you want a place with a full sized fridge -- then here you go. My other choices were sold out -- next time I won't stay here. 
8157 The staff was so helpful and attentive. The only real issue we have is that the mirror is placed too high up in the bathroom and there isn't much room for toiletries. The room is very comfortable. 
8158 het hotel ligt op een perfect ligging naast pennstation en tov madison square je bent overal dichtbij de intree is prachtig maar de kamer zijn oud en slecht onderhouden het stonk op onze gang naar de weed dat was erg hinderlijk zou er geen tweede keer meer naar toe gaan 
8159 This Hotel is old and quaint..I loved it! It has the old mail chutes!! It's a block from the bus station and 1/2 block to Times Square...PERFECT location! Only suggestion ~ bring soap, shampoo and a washcloth! The staff were very friendly! I will stay there again!! 
8160 Love the experience in this hotel, the rooms are clean, the personnel is gentle and helpful. The facilities are great and the location cannot be beat. Also the price is very reasonable. Me and my wife will stay in this hotel next time we come to ny. 
8161 Loved our stay here, was only in town for a night when my flight got canceled do to the weather. Nice clean and good staff. 
8162 Nice hotel. Great view. Somewhat clean. Found hairs on my pillow cases and towels. Also found a big black bed bug crawling next to the tv on day 2 of my stay. 
8163 Very friendly staff, very small rooms. However, they are immaculate. Overall, a good value for New York. 
8164 Stayed here for 3 days. Room is good. Breakfast is not so bad. There is one restaurant nearby (at another adjacent hotel). Overall, recommended! 
8165 A friend who is a frequent visitor to NYC recommended this hotel, and it lived up to expectations as a well priced boutique hotel, within walking distance of of most places. Friendly staff, and a good service overall. 
8166 i stayed here one night after arriving from a long trip overseas and the staff was wonderful they could not be nicer or do enough for me. The room was spacious and comfortable and i wish i had planned to stay longer 
8167 The room was large and newly renovated - the hotel service was fine - better than most in NYC and location worked out great so overall I'd definitely recommend! 
8168 If you are ok with the idea of sharing a bathroom, this hotel is great. It's bare bones, no ammenities to speak of. But it is clean and affordable. It is also in a great area, very convenient to the subway. 
8169 Recently remodeled hotel in a charming neighborhood. We were able to walk to many locations including Times Square, Empire State Building, Rockefeller Plaza, Grand Central Station (subways). 
8170 Posizione fantastica, camere pulite e personale cordiale. 
8171 Service was great staff always asked if we needed any assistance. Room was very clean king bed comfortable. Flat screen TV was nice but reception for picture quality was poor. A/c worked fine shower was oversized which was nice. Free shuttle to and from airport 
8172 Room was perfect for our minimoon experience! Loved it. Staff was average to slightly disappointing, but the room was Quiet, Quaint, Classy, Chic, Romance with a Fireplace! 
8173 Hotel is very clean, good service, loved it. Wished I would have booked more days, it was a holiday weekend and they were booked 
8174 Staff super friendly Room small but ok for what we wanted but more expensive than we had planned Location perfect near tons of restaurants, sites etc! Would stay here again Room clean although air conditioner tres noisy! 
8175 The hotel property was OK. The toilet ran, no bathroom fan and no clock when we first got into our room. The staff was very helpful. The location is great. Overall a good choice if you're traveling with kids who need a pool. 
8176 Walking distance from Lincoln Center, Times Square, Madison Ave, etc. Spacious comfortable rooms, smiling helping staff. My new home in NYC! 
8177 Very good location! Right in times square. Great bar on the 8th floor, great bar on the top floor. Very helpful staff downstairs that will line up a car for you. 
8178 great location....stayed there twice so occupied different rooms...no problems in any way, clean, big enough rooms and bathrooms...I'd recommend this hotel to anyone with high standards.... 
8179 You could tell that the room has recently been refurbished, but the location of my room was terrible!!!It was right beside a very HEAVY door that slammed everytime anyone went in and out. 
8180 I had a great time at this hotel, the staff is lovely and welcoming. I want to say thank you for the upgrade to a high floor, and for all the help with my plans. 
8181 Second time staying here and I was very pleased with my choice. 
8182 We really enjoyed the QT. The rooms were large and the bed was really comfortable. Also, the rooms have wireless online access. The hotel is not "Full Service" so don't expect doormen, room service, etc. Nevertheless, I loved the hotel and the value. 
8183 For an airport hotel, this is top notch. It is connected to Chicago O'Hare Airport. The rooms are very quiet and roomy. The hotel is very modern. I highly recommend this hotel. 
8184 Thought the room we had was really nice, bar staff really helpful and great location for state street and Michigan avenue. Walked to soldier field, watched the packers smash da bears and hit some bars. Staff were brilliant. 
8185 The hotel is very nice,your request are not quickly reacted too. very windy lobby when it is cold outside the lobby gets cold. the hallways in the hotel floors are very warm. These are small things to correct, bed was not comfortable, hotel is close to most things. 
8186 my husband and I stayed here for a week, we loved it! it was always super clean and the staff were friendly and helpful. it's location is perfect too, right around the corner from macy's and a subway stop right next door. we were thrilled and will stay there again. 
8187 Very nice place to stay on 52nd St. Great place but on a quiet street. Near Times Sq. and Radio City. Rooms were large and held 4 adults comfortably. Beds were great and had very nice bed linens. Rooms/hotel were clean. I would stay there again. 
8188 Through the hotel is small in size, all the staff seemed to be friendly and helpful. We had a TOSHI suite in the front of hotel and you could here the street noise as well as every passing subway train. 
8189 Extremely happy with this hotel. Stayed in Room 1201. Nice room with enough space, very comfortable bed, clean tidy and good air-con. Can't fault it. Front desk were very polite and helpful. 
8190 really a dump with shared baths, worn out furniture, dirty corridors, and no internet. I've reserved it by mistake for its proximity to Columbia University. Location is OK - in the Upper West Side near Central Park but close to Harlem 
8191 Excellent choice for a 4 night stay. Very close to lots of attractions include 205 Fifth Avenue- excellent roof top bar. Reasonably priced. Definitely take up their offer of booking a car to the airport. 
8192 The hotel, as to be expected, is an older building that has been remodeled nicely. The stay was nice, but nothing to write home about. Parking is $45 a night with in and out privileges which seems a bit high but what can you expect in downtown Chicago. 
8193 They don't clean the bedroom. They don't put toilet paper and don't change the towels. You have to ask for them. But the price and the location are fantastic. I will repeat. It's a old hotel at heart of Times Square which it's being renovated. 
8194 If in NEW YORK you should have this hotel on the top of your list!!! LOCATION....LOCATION...LOCATION!!! 1 block off TIME SQUARE and a great hotel to boot! 
8195 It was my first trip to NY and I'm so glad I chose Park South to stay at. It's right in the middle of Manhattan and you get everywhere you want in just few minutes. 
8196 Everything was ok. Staff was helpful, room and bathroom were clean. Great location. It was the cheapest available hotel in Manhattan at that time. But it was very good. 
8197 Good value. Excellent location. Staff were courteous. The restaurant was quite good with excellent selection. Very near Penn station for travelers. 
8198 We and our friends had a great birthday weekend at Le Parker Meridien. The hotel was a perfect location to travel from to all our outings. The service at the hotel was excellent, giving us tips and directions on where to go. We had a great New York experience. 
8199 Echt Top immer wider gerne !! 
8200 Excellent meeting rooms at the 4th floor Wonderful rest in their rooms, the bed and pillows are magnificent. everything is really close, even walking, you can get to very good restaurants and shopping. 
8201 Felt like being in europe. Perfectly same weekend in Chicago with the kids. Great location, excellent service, no crazy tourist madness. 
8202 Most comfortable hotel! All you need to get by, bar is lovely too. Make sure you bring your travel adaptor :) I would stay here for a romantic weekend! 
8203 Fair enough. The room was clean the staff friendly. Maybe a bit far up north for our purposes but a subway station just around the corner solved most of our problems. Special price on breakfast at a near by breakfast place. 
8204 Up to standard but pretty average. The hotel fit the budget but was some way from the meeting I was attending at the Hyatt Regency. Cabs were scarce first thing in the morning. Helpful front desk staff. Good breakfast in the restaurant. 
8205 I truly enjoyed my stay here. Even more when I got an early check-in and upgrad at no charge. I could not ask for more! Perfect location, clean, modern, friendly stuff! I am looking forward to visit the POD51 soon... 
8206 Well done for the staff. Very efficient and friendly,I definitely will be back next time!! I was supposed to stay for 6 nights but me and my family extended our stay for longer because we like the value!! 
8207 Excellent hotel, clean, friendly staff, excellent location, room very clean, comfortable bed, love the toiletries. 
8208 Centrally located - easy walking to the main shopping avenue(Magnificent Mile Michigan Avenue) Staff very helpful - very comfortable room and bathroom although the bathroom could have had more shelf space for toiletries/cosmetics etc. 
8209 Nice place, stayed there 6 nights. Visit from Argentina. They charge 10 dollars for wifi. Too much! 
8210 The hotel is really nice and near Ground Zero, South Seaport, Century 21 (shopping) and loads of restaurant. Nice and helpful staff. 
8211 The only thing I didn't think much of was the pricing in the restaurant. 30 odd $ is just too much for breakfast. Otherwise everything top noch. 
8212 buona posizione, vicino a tutto e con la fermata della metropolitana ad un passo! camere spaziose e comode unica pecca l'attesa agli "elevators"..... infinta soprattutto per quelli che alloggiano ai piani alti 
8213 To whom it may concern, I recently stayed at your hotel again and the staff was very professional, helpful and courteous, particularly Maria and Tasha. I look forward to another stay in January! Best, Andre Tyson 
8214 A quite lobby in the midst of Manhatten and friendly staff that heats up your milk bottles and helps you with your stroller. 
8215 Nice place, nice neighborhood full of good restaurants, and close to transit for trips downtown. Good rates too, but remember to add ~$30/day for parking if you drive there. 
8216 very clean and good service,nice room and bathroom. Ten minutes on foot to times square. We had a nice stay in this hotel and would go back again 
8217 I was very happy with how clean the staff kept the hotel. Breakfast was very good and the staff was on top of making sure things were organized. The location was great! Just a short walk to restaurant row and Times Square. I will definitely stay there again. 
8218 Good clean and quiet hotel, Staff quite helpful. Great Diner across the street. Subway just a couple of blocks away. All in all a good place to start an introduction to New York! 
8219 the hotel was perfect for us-grandparents, parents and 3 young children. we had a gorgeous view of the city down to the empire state building. lots of room for the kids and us to stretch out and not be on top of each other. highly recommended 
8220 Good location, hotel room a bit on the small side and a bit stuffy (the air con didn't seem to be working) but clean and tidy. 
8221 Brian the Doorman was great 
8222 From start to finish he was very pleasant and went above and beyond to help make my stay wonderful. I'm in the hospitality industry and appreciate great service. 
8223 These people at the motel were polite, courtiess, outstanding service, helpfull, and I would love to go there again. Bryan Heubrock 
8224 The room was very clean and comfortable and was quite spacious. The hotel staff were helpful and friendly when I had a special request for my sister and her husband who also checked in the next day. 
8225 This hotel was a pleasant start to our Ireland trip. The room was huge with a separate kitchenette and a large bedroom. We were on the 24th floor and the view was amazing. It's in a great location and we'd love to come back. 
8226 I stayed here for a conference and regretted it, solely due to the location. It is far away from central/downtown Chicago and I missed not being in the activity of the the City. Closest comparision would be an airport hotel. Very disappointing. 
8227 The hotel itself was renovated not too long ago yet you can still tell it's quite old behind the surface. It's nothing fancy but good value. I found the staff to be mostly quite friendly. Definitely make sure you get a room away from the freeway noise. 
8228 The staff is always so friendly and helpful. Like seeing old friends every time we come back! The cafe has great breakfasts 
8229 Clean, comfortable and great location. Staff was great. Breakfast was good and hot. Excellent place to stay. 
8230 con la pretesa di essere di tendenza cerca di farsi perdonare camere minuscole , dove non puoi portare bagaglio , bagni senza specchi e con poca luce( un problema farsi la barba!), una hall, pure se di design famoso , di aspetto tombale 
8231 Prima colazione carissima e inadeguata alle pretese. 
8232 As mentioned by others, the rooms are small but we were happy with the location and price of the room. The Hotel is very near Central Park and the subway. Overall a satisfying stay. The resteraunt is pricy but it is NY and there are other options close. 
8233 se dovete soggiornare qui portatevi i tappi per le orecchie 
8234 lavori in corso credo per ampliamento dell'hotel, nell spiazzo adiacente iniziano alle 7 del mattino. prima o poi termineranno! 
8235 This is the 2nd time we have stayed at the Wingate and will return. The location is great and the rooms are very clean. Hotel is modern and great service/. 
8236 Fantastic service, quiet rooms and great location being very close to Times Square and all that New York has to offer. The staff went out of their way to ensure a good stay was had. Will definitely go back next time I am in New York. 
8237 I loved this hotel. It looks like a classic older building from the exterior in the midst of the theater district. The staff was very helpful and courteous. The room was beautiful, well appointed and quiet. I really enjoyed it. 
8238 Great location, nice staff, had a amazing experience. Had 3 kids, 12, 10 and 5 and it was spacious for all of us. Close to food, subway. Just great! 
8239 Nice and dimly lit hotel with open air plan. Rooms are comfortable enough. 
8240 Great midtown location. Came for Thanksgiving, saw the parade, shopped at Macy's around the corner. Comfy beds, reasonable continental breakfast. So much to do in NY, did not spend much time in the room! They did allow an early check-in, which was helpful! We would stay here again. 
8241 Had to change room because of construction site at back-yard. 
8242 Service is king here though I prefer a more casual style. Great location. Butlers really look after you which sometimes I need in New York. 
8243 I have not stayed at the Waldorf for a few years but the Service was outstanding! Unlike most of our customer service industry, the Waldorf has managed to get better. The room was great, and the Sunday brunch, although pricey is over the top! 
8244 I really enjoy staying at this hotel and the consistently safe and courteous service provided by the staff and management of this property. 
8245 The location of this particular Drury Inn was not very convenient. It was a long drive to any place of interest. The rooms are basic and small, but clean. The hotel food is avoidable. 
8246 great place to stay. you get what you pay for. The Blackstone is worth it. 
8247 good location, but not a great value for the money. Small room, but clean and comfortable. 
8248 I choose this hotel for my last business travel in States and stayed 4 weeks there. The staff is friendly and I could have a rebate. I would probably be back there again as it is in a good location for restaurants and near my us office 
8249 Got exactly what I expected from a Marriott as far as room and ambiance, but the staff made it memorable. Would definitely stay there again. Front desk was exceedingly friendly, and won me over with their breakfast recommendation! Thanks to the ladies and gentlemen at Marriott downtown! 
8250 cool central location to explore the city, clean, well equiped rooms, wlan, a hotel with history, friendly people, fast check in and out 
8251 Convenient position, near a metro station (line 6). Has a bar next door for breakfast. In general it has a convenient price/quality ratio. The only complain is that internet wifi access is available only in the lobby and the price is a bit high. 
8252 The Court had a really nice central location. My room was good size for NYC, great AC and the bed was very comfortable. The staff was friendly and extremely helpful. I will add this property to my list of keepers. 
8253 Stayed week before christmas for the third time. Lobby is still amazing, room was very clean and more spacious than you would think. The bed was really comfortable. Only bad point was the street noise but you cant blame the hotel for that. 
8254 We very much enjoyed our stay at the Tribeca Grand. Friendly staff, great location, good atmosphere and excellent restaurants and shops nearby. Good value for money also. Highly recommended. 
8255 A good business hotel that had clean and new modern rooms. The rates are definitely on the high side even for New York City - and the bar downstairs while a good 'business' vibe is a little pricey. Its a good location off the main Times Square. 
8256 It was a great hotel, with great location and an overall enjoyable trip. The only problem was the long lines for the elevators in the morning. Additionally one of my flip flops went missing which was brand new. 
8257 This place is great. Friendly, large rooms, great location.... this place has it all. Internet and tea and coffee on tap. I would really urge you to go to this hotel - we will definately come back. Brilliant hotel. You wont be disappointed! 
8258 If you want a great spot to grab an end of day cocktail or wine....get a seat on The Terrace just outside the hotel lobby. Worth the stop, will not disappoint. Service and attention, second to none......the sommelier is first class! 
8259 Very nice, clean, comfortable rooms. Incredible staff 
8260 I love staying at Westin's! It feels luxiourious and comfortable. It smells wonderful, and I alway sleep WELL. 
8261 excellent! great people, awesome atmsphere, decor, outstanding restaurant and service. 
8262 the wellington was great for my holiday as i was there to see all the sights and spent most of my time out and about, this was the perfect base! it was comfy and easy going with everything you need including lovely staff deffinatly use again!!!! 
8263 This fine hotel feels historic and elegant. Wonderful location in midtown Manhatttan. Quality staff, stately rooms, good bar and restaurant. The Warwick makes for a fine visit to New York. 
8264 The Yotel is a great hotel. Very clean, brand new everything, and the concept is very cool as well. In addition, the location can't be beat, and neither can the price. 
8265 I have been here about 5 times in the last five years...and have enjoyed it. The staff is a little pushy, but the rooms have been recently renovated and I will stay here again. Great location!! 
8266 The hotel staff was very helpful. Very clean rooms. Breakfast is complimentary from 6-10 every morning. Two blocks from Times Square. Convienent to Subway station right across street. 
8267 Excellent hotel. Not far to walk to Times Square. On a side street in the garment district. Lots of diners and delis round the corner. Beds large and comfy, staff friendl 
8268 This is a beautiful hotel. The service is impeccable. Our only advice is to stay away from Culina, a restaurant not worthy of this hotel. 
8269 This hotel is huge....the location doesn't get much better if your a tourist. It's right in the heart of Times Sq. It can get a little cold in the winter because the building is hollow all the way up. It's a good business hotel too. I would stay here again 
8270 really for the money this hotel offers no values. Took over 25 minutes to check-in , no curbside luggage handling. rude staff, no amenities. I think New york has lots of other hotel opportunities besides this one. Bathrooms are tiny and i was in a suite! 
8271 The rooms are abit long in the tooth but the location is absolutely perfect!! I would definitely stay again. 
8272 A must stay. A close two block walk to time square. Comfortable clean beds. Close to the subway. the concierge were very helpful. This property was close to all amenities. next time i travel to NYC i will stay here again. Also, it was close to central park as well. 
8273 The hotel is in a great location. The hotel is a little dated and the rooms are smaller. But the price is great and the staff is nice. 
8274 I'm becoming a big fan of Intercontinental hotels, the beds are incredibly comfortable and huge. Service fantastic as usual, great food, and only a few minutes walk from the centre of times square. 
8275 I needed a quick getaway with my wife, and booked a "4 star hotel in the central park area" on Hotwire, not knowing what I would get. The service was excellent; the room beautiful and very clean; the staff accomodating in every way. 
8276 The hotel was definitely the best place I have stayed in NYC. Very good accomodations, registration was very quick, polite staff...This is the place I will stay anytime in the city. 
8277 Great location, my room was a disaster.., blood on the bed, white stuff spilled on the floor, black hair all over the bathroom... Had to call and go down 3x to get the room clean..., I had to put towels down on the floor! 
8278 I have stayed there many times and enjoyed each stay. Clean, economical and very friendly staff. I would recomend to any one. 
8279 We stayed in this hotel for 7 days and have absolutely no complain. The room is clean and reasonably big. Located at 125th street, it is less than half an hour subway ride to anywhere in Manhattan. 
8280 My room was large, emmaculate and wonderful. Everyone was very friendly and attentive. Stay here with reckless abandone and enjoy it. 
8281 This hotel is in a wonderful location on the Mag Mile in Chicago. CLose to shopping, restaurants and other cultural attractions. Rooms are large, very clean, modern and quiet. Staff was always willing to assist with whatever we requested. 
8282 If you're looking for luxury, then this isn't for you. If you want somewhere to sleep every night that is adequate, conveniently located and economic, then it's ideal. We found the staff very helpful, rooms big enough and comfortable 
8283 I was particularly pleased with this hotel. The staff was not only competent, but went out of their way to be helpful. The room was nicely appointed and the bedding very high quality. I rate it much higher than some more pricey hotels. 
8284 The Benjamin is a beautifully appointed hotel within walking distance to quite a few must see spots. The service was excellent everyone was smiling, friendly, and ready to help. Be sure to say hi to the doorman Mohammed, he was especially helpful and friendly! 
8285 We stayed at the Gansevoort over the Christmas period 
8286 The hotel staff are friendly and efficient. The hotel is situated in a good area for restaurants and bars. It's a lovely hotel in a great area. 
8287 One of the top hotels in NYC still has it. Great location; wonderful atmosphere; great staff; amazing food. 
8288 the place is close to all attrations, comedy, plays, and many great restuarants. clean and convienent. 
8289 Fantastic value in a very good area. Stayed in a 'captain's cabin, small but functional. Near the High Line and so within easy walking to mid town and beyond. Very nice staff. Near 'The Spotted Pig', an excellent restaurant and bar. Excellent breakfast. 
8290 als je tevreden bent met een bed en badkamer dan is dit hotel qua ligging super. Het hotel is aan het renoveren, het is een beetje vergane glorie maar daar was de prijs ook naar. We zaten 50 m van Times Square. 
8291 Hotel Pennsylvania on 7th Avenue, opposite Penn station, is the filthiest hotel I've ever visited. Hotestly, I doubt the have cleaned it since it was built long time ago. 
8292 Great hotel full of gorgeous 20 and 30 somethings. Excellent food, service. Just great for bus or pleasure. Not so much for families. I would return for a long weekend of play and shopping in the Windy city... 
8293 We have stayed at this hotel since the Pre-opening. Service has gone from excellent to non existent. Prices have more than doubled. Do not stay here unless you like over paying for terrible service. 
8294 Friendly staff, but despite a recent re-do, sheets were "pilly" and many towels threadbare. Have loved the place for years but wish there were a bit more attention to detail. 
8295 - Great Mexican Restaurant: Caliente :-) - Front Desk, very helpfull finding good restaurants 
8296 Really nice hotel, well located. At walking distance from entertainments and shoppings. Mrs. Karadzovski was such a great support in helping us planning our stay. Dinners and sightseeing. We are ready to go back there for sure. 
8297 What can I say. The rooms were excellent, larger than most hotels in NYC exceptionally comfortable and clean. The hotel staff were most helpful and charming, could not do enough for you. When I visit NYC again, I will definately be staying at Affina 50. 
8298 we booked the hilton because you know what your getting! We thought the hotel was perfect for our needs. Great location, modern spacious rooms. Very helpfull concierge service! Quick check in and out. Very busy lots going on! But thats what you want when you go to NYC! 
8299 Chaotic environment as this hotel is very much under renovation right now. Nice, helpful staff. Small, clean rooms. 
8300 A brnand new hotel, with 7 star amenities in the room, great breakfast, great staff. Canf say anything against it!! Worth every penny spent. Location is also brilliant. Just book!! 
8301 We got a great deal online--otherwise we might not have stayed here. The hotel was lovely, modern and spare. The room was small by US standards, but new, fresh, with great amenities. We'd stay again in a nanosecond if we got a deal on the price. 
8302 Don't go there: front desk acts very unprofessional, their valet parking is a joke (it takes 1 1/2 hours to have your car parked one block away), and they like to overcharge your mini bar usage. Over-hyped and over-priced, I am not impressed at all. 
8303 Excellent location very clean and value for money .Two minutes from Empire State and Maceys.Tube station just on corner.Tick Tock Diner within hotel was excellent. 
8304 I think I expected some kind of kitchy boutique hotel. No. Just an old hotel. I think a lot of people will like this property. But it wasn't for me. 
8305 Stayed for 7 nights in a queen pod. the room was clean, comfortable and more spacious than I thought before. the staff is very helpful and kind. very close to the underground station in a nice neighbourhood. 
8306 Stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in september 2011. The location is great. Walking distance to 5th avenue and Central park (if you like a walk...). We loved RARE and the rooftop bar. Rooms were great, spacious en vey comfortable. Will come again, when in New York. 
8307 I recently stayed at the Four Seasons in NYC and I really enjoyed it ! Really good location that brings you close to everything you need in New York. For a excellent dining experience you can also try TAO right next to the hotel. Highly recommended ! 
8308 We enjoyed our stay and were happy with a good sized well appointed room, especially for NY. Overlooking the WTC site was mixed emotion but a cool experience. The only real complaint is that the breakfast are was freezing cold so we couldn't stay very long. 
8309 Good location. Poor common areas. Terrible breakfast room. Hotel in need of makeover. Room just about passable but poor standard for price. Bathroom low standard. Very old and tired hotel. 
8310 Als je veel wilt doen en zien in New York dan is dit een prima hotel! Goed bereikbaar doordat Penn Station voor de deur ligt. Loopafstand van Times Square. 
8311 Great hotel in a great location. Staff was very friendly and the room was nice. The sound system in the room was amazing. Couldn't hear anyone in the room right next door to me because it drowned out the noise! 
8312 Just a word of warning, you must pay for use of their pool ($13.95) per family. Considering we payed approximately $156 for one night, I expected we would have free use of the pool. Otherwise, the hotel was just "okay" for us. 
8313 La quinta Hotel in Houstons Energy Corridor was extremely pleasant. Hotel isn't in 5 star listing but our family saw them as such 5 star quality. Price was right and staff very friendly!!!! Hotel is kept clean and rooms are also kept up nicely!!! Would recommend to anyone I knew!!!! 
8314 Nice room, clean and stylish. Excellent friendly staff 
8315 buona posizione, camera piccola e un po' claustrofobica e rumorosa, pulizia ok, fastidioso l'uso del frigo a pagamento cosi' come l'esposizione di snack in camera collegati ad una bilancia elettronica a pagamento 
8316 Great location. Doubt that you'll find another hotel in NYC that's as spacious as the London. No lines at check in unlike some of the other experiences I've had in NYC. We arrived early and our room was ready! Would definitely stay there again. 
8317 I stayed at this hotel for a girls weekend in NYC. The price was good. We were able to get to cabs and all the nearby attractions very easily. Our room was clean and good for sleeping. We did not spend a lot of time in the hotel. 
8318 Ringrazio ancora il receptionist per avermi offerto la One-Bedroom Suites al costo della standard. Camera grande ma arredamento semplice. Posizione superba, adiacente alla Grand Central a pochi passi dall'ONU, Rockefeller Center, St. Paticks, Times Sq., Central Park. 
8319 I booked the hotel on line and was amazed when we arrived how beautiful it was. The staff was excellent. The location was perfect and we were able to see everything we went for. The view from our room was breathtaking 
8320 I highly recommend it. 
8321 Our expectations were met. Nice and clean place to stay. Great location - between Chinatown and Little Italy - makes it a perfect place to start and end your daily tours. Lots of good spots to eat nearby. 
8322 Loved Renaissance!!!Spacious rooms,modern decoration,great staff,perfect location!!! And the greatest bell captain I have ever met:JJ!!! 
8323 In Chicago for a conference. Stayed at the Hilton for its location which was great. Good facilities, good health suite/indoor pool. Food and service very good. Rooms clean, well maintained although rather small. 
8324 The staff were superior. The chef was personable and seemed to love his work. First lounge where the qua,I of food was comparable to a restaurant. Lovely hospitality. Kudos to Edward Pasch and the staff there 
8325 A great location on the lower East side. Rooms are spacious and comfortable. The staff is very helpful and considerate. I would stay there again without question! The food at the restaurant is very good and tasty, good service too! 
8326 From the time the Chatwal opens the doors for you it's time to be pampered ! Our first visit to the Chatwal was in November, 9 months later we checked in and all the same smiling faces welcomed us back! They take pride in remembering you!! Top notch! 
8327 Great location. Staff was very helpful and friendly. Amazing rooftop. Room was small but very nice. Beds are a little hard. Overall just a great place to stay and we will return. 
8328 The hotel staff was super friendly from start to finish. The room was clean and a bargain considering location, amenities and service. This is the second time we have stayed there and I plan on staying there again for our next trip. 
8329 Great location, nice hotel, small room, confortable bed, staff very nice, I would recommended it, but not for a special occasion. 
8330 The Hotel is as typical as they come...King bed, 1 chair, a desk, & a normal bathroom. No frills. Hall ways were old. Location was fine for midtown & the cool spot next door is the W for fun. 
8331 Audrey's breakfast room and evening lounge was fantastic. Great place to feel the New York wonder and enjoy a little, "my life is good" thoughts. 
8332 Wireless wifi, or wired, plenty of plugs. Room was spacious, linens were soft, bathroom is good-sized. Comfortable desk, fast elevators, nice staff. The lobby looks very new. Flatscreen HD tv's, it was nice. I don't think you would be disappointed. 
8333 found coffee machinr pain would have prefered tea kettle..my daughter and i had great time love newyork all staff friendly to us room great to ate breakfast once which was nice enjoyed pancskes....would stay here again 
8334 Price was very good during our 8 days. Very quit rooms, never heard a another room. very clean, every day new towels. 
8335 An excellent hotel. The staff are amazing, gracious without being subservient or annoying. The suites are amazing, and the DVDs of NYC movies a nice touch for those who have travelled. I will be back! 
8336 We received a great deal on this hotel from hotwire.com. The staff was great. The room was clean and comfortable. This hotel is in a great location. We did not have any problems while staying here. Will stay again! 
8337 Great views of the city skyline and Hudson River. Large rooms & bathrooms. Excellent maid service and concierge. Will stay at an Ink48 property again! 
8338 Room is clean, but rooms are very very small, no luxury. Breakfast is ok. 
8339 You have to adjust your expectations accordingly in NYC. Don't be expecting a room at the Ritz even at the prices you'll be paying. Pros: Free wifi, free amenities, clean bathrooms, AMAZING location in the middle of Chelsea, huge HDTV. Cons: Outdated furniture, musty closet, no view. 
8340 L'HOTEL WELLINGTON GODE DI UN'OTTIMA POSIZIONE, IN QUANTO NELLE VICINANZE HA LA METRO UTILE PER GLI SPOSTAMENTI, IL CENTRAL PARK, TIME SQUARE, ROCKFELLER CENTER, RADIO CITY MUSIC HALL, LA 5th AVENUE,.... ED ANCHE MOLTI NEGOZI.. IL PERSONALE DELL'ALBERGO MOLTO CORTESE E DISPONIBILE A FORNIRE QUALSIASI INFORMAZIONE. 
8341 Had the most amazing stay here. The rooms were great. The service was THE BEST I have ever experienced, especially Steven at the Concierge desk ! 
8342 Ottimo Hotel, camera confortevole, bagni sempre pulitissimi, ottima accoglienza, dotato di ogni servizio e wireless free. Posizione perfetta...che altro dire...se dovessi tornare a NY sceglierei ancora il Pod!!! Praticamente perfetto :) 
8343 We love the Roger Smith! The rooms are homey and very comfortablle and the location is amazing but what really sets the Roger Smith apart is the friendly and efficient staff. This recent stay was our fourth visit and we are already making plans to visit again!! 
8344 Perfect! Perfect location, beautiful view over Manhattan from hotel window, good breakfast, very good coffee, excellent service. Will stay at this hotel on my next visit to the City! 
8345 Incredible property that's expensive but worth it. The rooms are gorgeous, first class all the way. Every room is a suite with 2 flat screen TVs. The bathroom is like a spa and I highly recommend dining at Gordon Ramsay - it's a dining experience! 
8346 Lovely hotel, impecable service and great location! A couple of blocks away from Times Square and half a block from Fifth Avenue, great! 
8347 Just an OK hotel - location is in middle of town but....there's nothing to do! They charge for parking at USD19. Tiny bathrooms 
8348 hotel was real nice staff was very friendly room was great an clean the resturant an bar are excellent would recomend an will stay again 
8349 The hotel is nice kind of old but nice, service OK, everything very clear as expected and the breakfast was very bad, almost nothing was served. Nice location. 
8350 Great location. Small room but clean with modern decor. Great view. Very convenient. Concierge was eager to help and had great recommendations. Remodel was going on but was not disruptive. Bathroom is extremely small. Overall great trip and stay! 
8351 Very good hotel in the centre of new York. Brilliant value for money, staff are always friendly and happy to answer any questions. The hotel was very clean, fresh towels and bedding every day! We will be going back to the new yorker soon! 
8352 I have stayed at the Essex House on a number of trips. It is just so dang convenient to Central Park, Shopping, Broadway Shows and, incidentally, to the offices I usually need to visit. My wife particularly enjoys the dramatic and impressive flower arrangements. 
8353 Stayed there for two nights. Room was clean, service terrific. Nerma at the front desk was VERY friendly and helpful! The bar had ORGANIC VODKA and GIN!!! Crop and Farmer's, that's a PLUS! Can't wait to go back! 
8354 A cute boutique hotel that's located downtown near lots of shops and restaurants. Only downside is there is no lift. Hard for feeble guests and those with large heavy luggage. however there's a helpful doorman around most of the time to help. 
8355 This hotel is not up to usual Marriott standard. The service is horrible. I suggest staying anywhere else. The internet didn't work. Paper not received. Desk staff rude and not interested. The area is far off of the tourist and business areas. 
8356 My wife and I stayed there for the weekend and what a great time. Everyone could not have been better. Top notch service. 
8357 Just back from New York. Stayed from Nov 29th To Dec 5th 04. Big rooms and housekeeping excellent fantastic spot so central, Macy's around the corner, staff friendly and most helpful. Will be recommending it. 
8358 Sergio, the Concierge, and Leslie in Guest Relations are excellent. They made all the difference. Love this hotel, love the location. I highly recommend this property. Very close to Grand Central and other points of interest. Enjoy your stay! Rachel, AZ. 
8359 Fantastic hotel ! Elegant, and unimposing. Large rooms. Excellent service. Right around the corner from EVERYTHING !! Great restaurants nearby. We wouldn't want to be in one of those hotels where you step out right into times square. We would most definately stay at The Michelangelo hotel again ! 
8360 I wasn't expeting too much, but we received an uninvited visit from Mickey mouse. We changed the room 3 times due to rats in our room. The hotel manager could just say: "I am sorry about that". I wouldn't reccomend this hotel to anybody. 
8361 Great value for money. Great location. Helpful staff. Clean. Nice pillow chocolates :-) Nice rooftop bar,but only negative thing was that most of the night it was closed because of the private parties 
8362 Well appointed rooms, friendly staff, small, room, good sized bathroom. Location is a little bit away from the touristy stuff but near 2 subway stations. 
8363 We had a perfect stay! The room was very clean and nicely decorated. The price was great and I couldn't have asked for a better location! I would definetely stay here again when I am in the city! 
8364 My boyfriend and i stayed here for a week in back in september and it was great. The room was nice and the staff was friendly. It was also so close to everything in walking distances. Will be returning soon 
8365 This is a beautiful, hip hotel in a great part of town. Everyone on the staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful, and all of our requests were treated with care. I really can't think of anything they could have done better! 
8366 I'll keep this short. Its perfect for a traveler on a budget. Yes, the hotel is old and it shows but rooms, although very small are clean and comfortable enough. Linens and towels are changed daily and the location is just perfect. 
8367 Found the Mic through on-line references and found it to be everything I'd hoped for and more. Spacious rooms, gracious staff, excellent location and reasonably priced (for NYC). I'll be back. 
8368 Too expensive for this kind of small room it is impossible to stay there more than 2 days we stayed 6 and were very disappointed 
8369 Highly recommend this Hotel as a great base. Grand central is a five minute walk away ( Buy the weekly Subway & Bus Saver ticket...amazing value) The location is fantastic, a few blocks walk to 5th Avenue... The Hotel is quiet & comfortable. Book it! 
8370 pague por 5 camas y me dieron 4!!!!!!! Habitacion con tremendo ruido por maquinas de aire acondicionado,no permitian dormir. Presente mi reclamo al encargado jefe y no dio ninguna solucion. Jamas volvere a ocupar este hotel. 
8371 Spent 1 night in November, 2011. The hotel is clean, modern, and well-staffed. While the rooms are small, they are fully usable. Wi-fi, workspace, comfy bed... great for the business traveler. Staff was friendly and helpful. 
8372 Hotel was perfectly located less than 5 mins walk from times square.staff were very welcoming and rooms were average size but very clean.we will certainly use this hotel on our next visit to NY 
8373 I would like to thank Deanna at the frontdesk for her excellent assistance on all needed requirements. Correct restaurants reservations. Also to commend the nice supervisor and manager of the Tremont Hotel, Chicago, IL. Congrats to you all! Mario Geller, MD 
8374 We had a family suite with a large living room and kitchenette. The kids stayed on the pull out couch in the living room and the second room had a king bed. The hotel staff was very friendly, the housekeeping was prompt. Great location in mid-town. Will definitely return. 
8375 Really not much more to say than that :) Enjoyed my stay there and will definitely consider going back there the next time I am in town, as long as the prices don't change. Concierge helped us out with tickets right on the spot for NYC attractions. 
8376 Absolutely no issues here. Excellent staff, clean rooms, comfy beds, reasonable rates, good breakfast...what's not to like? They are pet friendly too...I wish the morons that don't clean up after their dogs would get a clue that they are ruining it for the others, like me, that do. 
8377 We had a 4 night stay for a group of 5 of us and had 3 rooms. All of us were happy. Hotel under renovation but the noise was during the day and we were sight seeing. Clean, comfortable rooms. Excellent central location and staff helpful. No problems here. 
8378 Our stay at the Eastgate Tower was very nice. The rooms are huge and there is a nice kitchen with a full-sized refrigerator, stove, microwave, toaster, dishes, etc. It is within 3 blocks of Grand Central, so it was just a subway ride away from anything we wanted to do. 
8379 Laurelin and all the staff @ the W City Center were very helpful with places to go, directions, making reservations for us, and were incredibly friendly. Next time we come to Chicago we will definitely stay there again! 
8380 The room we paid an upgrade for was worth the $30!!! It last large. Great amenities and so close to all my favorite things in the city. Also....the wallpaper in the large bathroom is fierce! Love this hotel and I will ONLY stay here in NYC. Great job guys! 
8381 I have been a couple times and each visit has been a great experience. Comfortable rooms, good service. Walking distance from the theatre district and Times Square which is make it a very convenient hotel 
8382 I stay in Manhattan frequently on business and loved this hotel for the price. The room was a great size I did not feel claustrophobic which has occurred at other hotels. I stayed at a high room with no traffic noise. Everything was within walking distance and easily accessible. 
8383 Location is great! Right there with all of the action. Clean, Classy, and Courteous. Modern motif. Clean, comfortable accomodations. And something that is absolutely priceless... amazing service. To manager Nick and his staff (including the hotess with the mostest - Pamela), thank you for a great experience! 
8384 Couldnt be a better location.Hotel is a bit dated,could do with "tarting up".Bed comfortable,bathroom of adiquite size (you dont live in it).Tick Tock diner on ground floor is good for breakfast. 
8385 We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in May 2006 - it was called the Shelbourne Murray Hill back then. Overall experience was good. The staff were friendly and helpful, rooms were comfortable and the location was also good. 
8386 Stain on the carpet !!!!!! so what !!!!!!!! Excellent value for money, especially in Manhattan Quiet area, kind helpful staff, everything was functional, I couldn't ask for more. If I am lucky enough to return to New York, I will have no hesitation in booking with Envoy Suites once again. 
8387 This hotel was very updated and very clean. The room was also very spacious. We had stayed here for a wedding and the next day we could walk to see the Empire State Building, that was great. We would come here again. 
8388 We had to overnight near Houston Intercontinental Airport, and picked this hotel even though it has checkered reviews. A good basic hotel that served all of our needs for the night and the next morning. 
8389 This hotel is great! Super close to grand central, a few blocks from subway, fantastic local neighborhood! Rooms are big and roomy. friendly staff. Love the kitchen area. Only place I now stay in NYC! 
8390 Wir waren im Dezember 2008 das erste Mal dort und jetzt im April 2009. Wir waren wieder sehr begeistert. Das Personal ist sehr freundlich und zuvorkommend, die Zimmer und die Lobby sind einwandfrei sauber. 
8391 vincent jephanion always made my w experience smooth and private , i will definitely return to this property. thank you 
8392 Went to Chicago for my first time and stayed at the Intercontinental on Michigan Avenue. Very conveniently located for most everything that you want to see, and exceptional attention from staff from the moment you check in. The breakfast was very good. 
8393 Awesome hotel, great staff, comfortable rooms, central location!!! We'll be back in the future. 
8394 Special thanks to Eugene, the morning chef for his support of our special breakfast diet. 'Mostly eggwhite scramble with veggies' became a routine during our extende visit. Thank you Eugene!! 
8395 Truly had a 5 star experience. The room was amazing, 2 large double beds really clean, large flat screen TV, huge bathroom, turndown service The staff were so friendly and helpful. Thanks sofitel, we had a great time. 
8396 First stay at a swissotel. I will definitely stay at any of their properties in the future. Great service amazing views from corner suite, great location. My morning business meeting was a short walk down the street. 
8397 This is a great place to stay. It's right by Houston Hobby airport but you would never know it because it's so quiet. The staff was extremely helpful and always pleasant. The restaurant makes an excellent stuffed pork chop. 
8398 We stayed here this past weekend. Lovely room. This is a hotel that takes you back on time but is still elegant and modern. It's located at the Magnificent Mile. The nix restaurant was fabulous! The best breakfasts! 
8399 Rooms are great. Service outstanding (particularly the bfast and wine & cheese). Great value! 
8400 dirty, disgusting rooms in desperate need of renovation. Unclean bedsheets, mushrooms on the wall, dust, pubic hairs. After having our room changed for 3 times, and encountering a cockroach in room nr. 4 we decided to leave. despite the great location, this is absolutely not worth any money... 
8401 All the staff here were very friendly. Small rooms, but comfortable beds, good views out the windows facing down Lexington. Yummy cookies available for the asking. Easy walk to everything. 
8402 This property needs a refresh. Nothing was extraordinary at all. Service average. Food average. Part of a conference where the food was supposed to be labeled as gluten free but was not. Service in lobby bar was poor. Just okay overall. I expect more from Fairmont. 
8403 Thank you for the great time we had in your hotel! We really enjoyed our stay here. 
8404 There was no hot water and there were no free outlets, and none at all near the desk. In order to plug in a laptop, it was necessary to unplug a lamp and work while sitting on the floor or bed. Will not be staying here again. 
8405 Lovely hotel, fantastic lobby, rooms small but very clean and modern. Staff very friendly. Close to Broadway & Shops. Would definitely stay here again. 
8406 Who needs the Ritz when you got the Fitzpatrick Manhattan! 
8407 Unfriendly staff, they just looking tips. Litle but clean rooms. Air conditioner is very noise. No street views, you can look to the another guests. My recommendation: look for another hotel, you can find better service. 
8408 very clean and quiet good location near subways and shops nice breakfast buffet and evening snacks andwine beer. concierge excellent room lge with kitchen 
8409 how on earth did restaurant insieme get one star from Michelin? soulless food and a waitress who dared to bring warm white wine to the table of a restaurant where one ends up with a 100$ per person bill. Stay away from it. 
8410 Beautiful, clean rooms (we had an "executive" room - newly renovated). Staff was pleasant and accommodating. The area was so convenient to all that we wanted to do/see in NYC. 
8411 Returned to the beekman for the second time this year, same super service, got upgrade to super suite on 21 floor, staff super as ever nothing to much trouble, shop around there are some great rates around for this hotel so have look around. 
8412 Everything about this hotel exceeds expectation. The staff is the key to such a great hotel, they are the best of the best NY has to offer. 
8413 My husband and I stayed at the Westin Chicago River North in Chicago. This hotel is centrally located in the downtown area. The staff were very helpfull and kind. Great Sushi restaurant in hotel, 
8414 The room was very clean although as previous reviews stated a little dark. The bed linen crisp but the Bath room although clean could do with a refresh and the towels were tired. Staff were helpful and friendly 
8415 If your planning on staying only 1-2 nights its fine, comfy bed, TV, geat channels, but for week long vacations find something nicer. 
8416 Nos momentos de entrada e saida nao havia recepcionista com dominio do idioma espanhol,portanto sendo brasileiro,tive dficuldades e nenhuma disposicao das recepcionistas para ajudar. Ausencia de frigorbar 
8417 I can definitely recommend this hotel to everyone. It has been renovated recently; everything is very neat and clean. The staff is friendly and helpful. 
8418 Very old hotel, old rooms, very small bed. If you are going to a theatre then this is the hotel for you. It's right on Times Square. The subway is just around the corner, starbucks is just across the street. 
8419 Incredible value for location close to convention center (10 to 15 minute walk). Reasonable rate. Clean, nice room. Friendly helpful staff. Free convenient parking. Not much in immediate area (restaurants). 
8420 The hotel has a fabulous location for what my friends and I were after. The concierge is friendly, helpful, and will cater to your every whim. The rooms are spacious and elegant, with really lovely touches. I will be staying here again soon! 
8421 Only stayed one night, but was very happy. Stayed in the Suite (bedroom, trundle bed and kitchenette) Reminded me more of staying at a friend's house, than a hotel. Location was great too. The staff was courteous and helpful. We didn't have the breakfast though (woke up too late) 
8422 Stuck in the middle of town, in front of the subway, I really enjoyed it. The rooms are spacious with great view on Manhattan featured skyline. I loved the rooms and the lobby, freshly redone. Service is very good, however dont get breakfast at 10 it might be crowded. 
8423 I have stayed here to see shows on B'way on 2 occasions and have been pleased with the service, space and cleanliness of the hotel. It couldnt be more convenient and the price is certainly good for the area! 
8424 A great hotel for value, cleanliness and location. We enjoyed our stay tremendously and would stay there again the next time we are in New York. 
8425 Have stayed here numerous times. GREAT location, nice staff, rooms are a very good size (other than bathrooms which are pretty small), free wi-fi, free breakfast, which is very good! Rooms can be pricey at times, so be sure to keep checking back to see if the price drops. 
8426 The suite felt like home, beautifully appointed and luxurious. What a great neighborhood and very convenient to conducting business in midtown. The bar and restaurant ware intimate and fantastic. Service was friendly, prompt and gracious. The Surrey is one of my new favorite hotels in NYC. 
8427 Staff was very attentive and friendly, room was clean and worked, even though it was small. Bed was nice and firm, the bath was great, esp. the rain shower head. We looked out from the side of the building, so there was no street noise. 
8428 Room was adequate although a bit on the small side. Room was partially updated. Biggest drawback was the musty aroma that permeated the hotel. My allergies kicked in immediately. Anyone that is sensitive to mold smell should stay away. 
8429 Hands down the best hotel stay I've ever experienced. The room at the Waldorf Towers was impeccably clean and well-maintained, service was phenomenal from the front desk workers to the doorman, and housekeepers. I highly recommend the Towers. One of the best hotels in NYC. 
8430 The price for the room was over $700 and it did not include breakfast. The staff is stif, and not friendly. The one good thing is the location; central park is beautiful. 
8431 Maybe the best value for a moderate level hotel in the Galleria area. Clean, friendly, comfortable, good breakfast and evening reception - what more could you ask for? 
8432 We stayed here for four nights from 03/06/11.Hotel was in great location,good sized king room. Hot and plentiful light breakfast, enough to start a day of site seeing.Good selection of bars/restaurants in local vicinity. We would use this hotel again when we next visit New York. 
8433 Het hotel en de kamer is schoon. Kwaliteit van het hotel de kamer is aan de kleine kant. Het is een oud gebouw. Het hotel ligt in de buurt van Soho. Soho is een grote buurt met veel winkels. Het hotel is dichtbij het metrostation. 
8434 Enjoyed my stay here. Very quiet for a New York hotel. Service was amazing. Had a wonderful stay. Loved the turn down service and the chocolates. Room service was excellent. 
8435 I love the location and the service, but the room is too small, I felt like i was going to hit something eveything i got up. everything is just too closer together. wish my room had only one bed to make some space 
8436 A very relaxing atmosphere for business trips. Customer service is excellent, very professional and friendly. Since the property is connected to the Galleria there are ample restaurants and amenities within very close walking distance. 
8437 I stayed here 2 nights in July 2004. Room was very cleanand intresting looking. Comfortable bed. It was a great place to come home to after walking around the city all day(and nite). Close to the subways and in a convienet neighborhood. 
8438 Excelente experience, everyone very nice, very good location 
8439 Great location, lovely staff, superbly clean, fantastic view (36th floor). A really good base to explore NY from. Highly recommended. 
8440 Ottima la posizione per visitare manhattan ,stanze pulite,piccole ma originali ; prezzi delle camere alti, 
8441 The hotel was more than what i have expected (i was down due to some negitive review ). Major attraction are walking distance from the hotel. 
8442 Thanks for making our 10th Anniversary a memorable experience. Ya'll will be forever remembered, because YA'LL WERE AWESOME!!! :-). Everyone, from the valet, front desk, room service and the Monarch!!! 
8443 I stayed at this hotel for two days and then I decided to stay another night and I got charged almost three times as much as the other nights.This is my only complaint because I did enjoy this hotel.It is very comfortable, neat, beautiful and close to everything. 
8444 just got back from our stay at the hilton just one word to describe the hotel was FANTASTIC. be thank you to Kellie for making it such a wonderfull experience 
8445 Excellent location in Times Square! If you are looking for a nice hotel near the theaters.... This is the place! A little pricey but worth it to be in the middle of Broadway energy. 
8446 a nice hotel with small yet clean and modern rooms... location: if you hate walking or travelling in winter it is a bit far from where the action is in 42nd street. 
8447 Wow.. This is a great location, great staff, and great room with a view. 
8448 This hotel was clean, friendly staff, nice rooms, and great location near Millenium Park, Navy Pier, Michigan Avenue, etc. the staff was very accommodating and even called us when our room was ready early! Would definitely stay there again! 
8449 The Hotel is ok, but what is unacceptable is that there were cockroaches in my room and other insects. Totally unacceptable. 
8450 Rooms are a little tired looking but all is forgiven because of the location. Very busy hotel. Beds comfortable and noise low. Beautiful Art Deco lounge 
8451 Booked online. Hotel was nice and extremely convenient to Central Park, Times Square and Broadway. Room is small but who goes to New York to sit in their room. Extremely clean and staff was very nice. 
8452 Excellent stay. The room was bigger than than expected and very quiet. The location is very central for Broadway shows, if that is your bag and handy for a couple of subway stops. One small minus is having to pay for WiFi but overall very good indeed. 
8453 We enjoyed this location and the friendly staff.. No complaints here. We were excited to see the redline to wrigley only one block away. Price was good and a two room suite to boot! We will be back with the family next time! 
8454 directe verbinding te voet met het vliegveld. eenig minpunt is een eigenaardige gelegen fitness langs een drukke gang die naar het vliegveld leidt 
8455 This is in a perfect location within walking distance to the park, shopping, great resturants. A very easy location to stay at. The rooms are so so. Nothing fabulous, but big enough and everything you need. I would stay here again, especially for business 
8456 Hotel was far more modern than I expected, staff fantastic - funky little lounge and we loved the burger bar. Above all, clean and comfortable, and great location. My friends and I agreed that we would stay here again...because we never even got to the pool! 
8457 Stayed here numerous times. Very convenient location. Got free Wi Fi and when we needed anything Susana the Front Office Manager was extremely helpful. 
8458 Nuovissimo, camere ben arredate, spaziose,pulite e bagno grande. Personale molto gentile e disponibile. A pochi passi dalla metro e a 5 minuti dall'Empire State Building, e 10 minuti da Times Square. 
8459 The Hilton made my trip to the International Quilt Show perfect. I enjoyed the valet parking, the hotel staff and the restaurants. The room was clean and comfortable. The in room coffee would be the only negative comment that I could make. 
8460 All attitude and design above all. Unfortunately this precludes almost anything one would actually require from a real hotel or a genuinely trained staff. Neither of which this over-designed trying too hard place is, in the hands of true amateurs. 
8461 Stayed at the Park Savoy for 3 days in March 2012. The room was small but clean and the hotel was in a perfect location for walking to Central Park and Times Square. Overall, can't complain for the price. 
8462 Stayed here end of Oct/start of Nov and thought it was brilliantly located couldnt have asked for better, staff very friendly and helpful and room very adequate, for all the time you spend in it. Would definitely stay here again without a doubt. 
8463 The sales team was great to deal with in setting up our customer visit. A special thanks to Rizwan Marfani at the front desk for his super proactive attitude! A great hotel with exceptional service! 
8464 My husband and I come to NYC for business every 6 weeks and always stay at the Buckingham Hotel. The rooms are big and comfortable, the staff is wonderful , and the location can't be beat. And the prices are great! It is our home away from home. 
8465 Perfect location and great value. 
8466 sehr nettes, familiaeres Hotel fast direkt am Times Square. Zimmer nicht uebermaessig gross, aber sauber und stilvoll eingerichtet. Bus / U-Bahnnaehe und viele Delis in unmittelbarer Umgebung. Wuerden direkt wieder buchen. Sehr empfehlenswert. Unbedingt ansehen Besuch eines Broadway-Musicals new york is a crazy city, ejnoy it! 
8467 Comfort Inn Lower East Side is in a good location that is near many bars and restaurants. The hotel itself is clean with a friendly staff. 
8468 The staff and the accomodations are exceptional. The breakfast buffet is vast, the location is unbeatable and the view is awesome. The only let-down was having a full kitchen, but no saucepans! 
8469 The general look of the hotel is quite nice. What I didn't like is that the room was very small, it didn't even have drawers to put the clothes in. On the other hand both room and bathroom were clean. 
8470 Rooms are larger than Marriott's competing properties and price is often lower. Despite high traffic neighborhood, rooms are quiet. Smoking rooms actually available. Service from all was very good. Particular kudos should be extended to Raquel Ortiz who remembers all guests by name. 
8471 The staff is excellent, the location is great, good value for money! The room was very clean and the lobby was very inviting. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel. 
8472 Abbiamo soggiornato in questo hotel per 5 notti. E' stato meraviglioso: nel centro di Times Square, pulito, curatissimo, camere abbastanza spaziose. Consigliato a chiunque voglia godersi il cuore di Manhattan!!! Vacanza meravigliosa, anche se non proprio a buon mercato!!!! 
8473 Great hotel! Friendly staff. Nice rooms with large TVs and even an AV integration doc for watching the stuff on your iPad/iPod. All packaged up! Its convenient to the airport and other major things in the Rosemont area. This hotel is why I choose Hilton properties regularly. 
8474 the location is sensational if you want to see Broadway shows. the staff were very helpful and our room which was on the 6th floor was great. the 4pm cheese and drinks was a great way to finish the day. 
8475 Easy access to major highways. Near major shopping mall, outdoor stores and great variety of restaurants. Room was clean and modern. Only complaint was the shower head - no water pressure. Staff very friendly and helpful. 
8476 mitten in der stadt, 5 min vom empire state entfernnt, einfach genial!! 
8477 Haben hier fuer 2 Tage uebernachtet. Alles was man von einem InterContinental Hotel erwartet. Check in was schnell und ohne problem. Zimmer sehr gut ausgestattet und komfortabel. Fruehstueck im Restaurant was reichlich, wenn auch etwas teuer (aber es ist halt New York). Werden bei unserem naechsten Aufenthalt wieder hier buchen. 
8478 We liked the Time hotel...Nice room (yellow). Only problem was that we had to wait for some time in the afternoon for our room to become available. We were told the girl on the desk left and forgot to tell anyone we were waiting. It happens! 
8479 We had a nice time here. Clean and very nice people on their staff, close to everything. 
8480 Todo estuvo raelmente agradable desde el desayuno lo unico es k tuvimos k pedir toiler paper desde k llegamos no habian puesto.de ahi todo estuvo perfecto 
8481 This hotel really is in a fantastic spot, within easy walking distance of Fifth Avenue, Times Square, Grand Central Station, Bryant Park... Plus, it's a Sofitel, which means great service, chic decor and relaxed ambiance. 
8482 1) Friendly staff 2) Very convenient location to banking center 3) Nice, spacious rooms 3) Good bar just next door 
8483 Yes the rooms are small, but that is NYC. Get passed that and this is a fabulous value...amazing location to Times Square...clean hotel...and LOVED the concierge service! The Bell Hop can tell you anything you need too. Safe location and family friendly! 
8484 This was the best located hotel I have been ! Right in Time Square, it was quiet and clean. I received a very good service and the food was delicious. It was pretty pricey though. 
8485 We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Strand Hotel: Perfect Location, very friendly and competent staff and brilliant roof top Bar. Good value for Money. Also Family friendly and practical To See Broadway Shows. 
8486 After spending a few nights at the Hudson Hotel, the Sofitel was a godsend! Simple, clean, elegant and large rooms. The service was good from the front desk, the concierge and the doormen. The next time I am in New York the Sofitel will be getting my business. 
8487 hotel classico, de localizacao privilegiada. servico excelente. cafe da manha esplendoroso. 
8488 Efficient, friendly staff. Clean room, central location. Cheryl in housekeeping was fantastic. Will stay there every time I go to New York! 
8489 This is a very nice hotel to stay in and it is in a great location. It is very close to Time Square, and not far from Central Park. 
8490 Lovely hotel, a short walk from the theater district. Rooms small, but very clean and modern. Was only there for a short overnight, but would have liked to stay longer. 
8491 I would like to thank Mrs. Vickie Bellinghausen. She been and always is so helpful in our stay. She has always accommodated us with no problems. Thanks again for been so kind and the professional service you serve. 
8492 Great new boutique hotel. Friendly staff. No issues with noise at all. View of the Empire State Building from the Roof Top Lounge is awesome. Rooms are small, but well worth the price. 
8493 Me and my wife stayed one week at Morgans NY, it was an outstanding experience, the room is confortable and clean. Breakfast was also great. All hotel staff members were great and gave us an excellent treatment. 
8494 Hotel de primera categoria, bien ubicado, habitaciones amplias y comodo en accesos. Relacion precio calidad muy buena. Hotel bien ubicado cerca de Grand Central y accesible desde varias avenidas. Atencion muy buena,. servicio de cuarto excelente y siempre amables a solucionar cualquier inconveniente 
8495 I enjoyed most of my stay here.It was conviently located to Times Square and pubic transportation.Plus my room was clean. 
8496 Fantastic interior design, great people working there. 
8497 Very small rooms, lobby that looks like a bad YMCA, and the TV requires a PhD in physics to understand. The doors do not close automatically strangely, and the hallways are very noisy. The only plus side was a comfy bathroom. 
8498 hotel exceeded my expectations even thought staff is ironing out the minor kinks any new hotel would have. certainly would recommend to any one especially its convenient location 
8499 I stayed here for a couple of weeks during a business trip. Good value for money. The location is convenient for those with work in Galleria area. Even downtown Houston is easily accessible. The property is not new but comparable to other Candlewood suites that I have stayed at. 
8500 small rooms but very nice, clean and modern look, bad service, its ok when you are alone and you need a good place to sleep only. 
8501 Had a terrific stay. The staff at this hotel is the best I have experienced. Clean nice rooms that are very comparable to the Hilton. Loved my stay and planning to recommend to my friends and family. Would like to recognize Zeba and Ilia. 
8502 People at the hotel made us feeling like at home! Specially Natalia, a great adviser with a charming character. With my wife for my 50 birthday for six days and each detail wss perfect. It worths the prize! 
8503 Check deals, book early, enjoy. Try the Tramonti restaurant down the street. Great, unassuming, simple ingredient Italian food. 
8504 Excellent service from all members of staff from bell boy, housekeeping and concierge. Room very spacious and clean. The concierge Ann was extremely helpful and recommended some wonderful places to see and eat. 
8505 The good: (1) Location is great - planty restaurants and shopping places nearby, (2) price. The bad: (1) the rooms are clean but gloomy and outdated (2) A/C in the room was so loud - woke me up several times during the night. 
8506 buenisimo ! la mejor ubicacion de NY , a un precio aceptable. Nos quedamos 4 en una habitacion con dos camas grandes. La habitacion es super comoda. la ubicacion casi inmejorabe y la pileta un plus despues de un dia agitado en la city !!!!!!!! 
8507 this was the only overseas trip i had to take in the year 2010. newyork has many hotels which gives you world class stay and comforts. but for now i totally recommend Hilton New york for travelers. it has its own class and standards. very happy customer of Hilton. 
8508 Great location, our room was wonderful very clean, helpful staff. Im looking forward to returning. 
8509 Would certainly stay here again. Rooms small, but they usually are in NY. Friendly staff, great location, and a very welcoming base when you are in NYC 
8510 This hotel was awesome. The room was very clean and comfortable. The staff was was very friendly and helpful. The concierge helped me to plan a wonderful tour. I would definately stay again. One of the quietest hotels I have ever stayed in. 
8511 Had a business trip to New York. This hotel was conveniently located for me from Penn Station and to my appointments in the city. Room was clean, teh air conditoning worked perfectly, the staff was helpful and I received a complimentary breakfast. 
8512 I stayed in December, room was a little bit small for my taste but it is NY, staff is OK, location is excellent. 
8513 The major construction project on the back side of the hotel starts right at 6am. Very loud and very annoying. Surly staff and barely sanitary. The staff's answer to deal with the construction was "buy ear plugs.". Really helpful. 
8514 Very lovely accommodations. The staff is always welcoming and very,very helpful. It's an excellent value! 
8515 The hotel was cozy, the room was small but who would want to hang out in a hotel room in the heart of New York?! Room was clean and well maintained. The staff friendly. Good location and walking distance from time Square. 
8516 The rooms were small, but impeccably clean. The area is quiet and not too much is going on around it (by NYC terms). Good place to stay in the city. 
8517 Excellent location for exploring NYC. Staff very polite and helpful. Room was very small and dated however, location more than made up for this. Would recommend this hotel. 
8518 Great hospitality and chic atmosphere differentiate this hotel from the competitiion. Impossible to find a quality hotel in NYC at these bargain rates. Save the money and blow it on an outrageous meal!! 
8519 My sister, cousin and I enjoyed two nights at the Marriott Courtyard in downtown Chicago. The location just off the 'Magnificent Mile' on Michigan Ave was perfect, concierge EXCELLENT, and we absolutely LOVED the onsite bistro/bar 'Viand'. Food and service was a delight! 
8520 very good value + we enjoyed and will come back + recommend it, great location, friendly service very good value + we enjoyed and will come back + recommend it very good value + we enjoyed and will come back + recommend it 
8521 not off to a promising start. Stuck in the lobby for two hours waiting for our room to be ready. 
8522 Stayed here last week for our 38th wedding anniversary ! This Hotel has everything your want in a hotel. Clean all around, close to everything , and a staff that really made you feel they cared! I wouldn't hesitate to stay again ! 
8523 This hotel is in the heart of Chicago's Loop. Easy access to many attractions and restaurants. Great rooms, service and amenities...can't go wrong here. 
8524 Great Location...amazing staff! Super cute rooms... 
8525 The location is outstanding - on the Upper West Side. The rooms are small, but nicely appointed. The room rates are quite reasonable for NYC. 
8526 I thought since eastobook.com seemed reputable, I had found a treasure. Wrong, wrong wrong. Dangerous, dishonest place. Gave me the creeps. Did not stay. I know I would have regretted staying. The building is condemned. Some of the rooms are also condemned. I can't understand why/how it is still operating. 
8527 Ottimo hotel in ottima posizione. Servizi di camera eccellenti, bagno con doccia e vasca. Schermo TV LCD da 42 pollici con televisione in HD. Internet nella hall gratis. 
8528 If you are looking for a cheap stay you can book it, but don't expect much. It was not very clean but we survived it, it wasn't THAT bad. Don't expect much from the breakfast, euh... breakfast? 
8529 Great rooms and lounge area. Service fantastic and the location was excellent if you need to be downtown Chicago 
8530 Just checked into the James. Room is tiny and smells of cigarette smoke and that includes the bathrobe I'm currently wearing. Complained but they are fully booked and can't move me. To be fair they offered to refund $150 for the inconvenience. Still... 
8531 Stayed in the hotel one night rather than drive home after a good night and dinner. The room was nice and clean the price was right. The rooms were small but the loction of the hotel more than makes up for the size of the room. 
8532 pros: Staff, location, cleanliness, bed, free wifi (fast) and breakfast, price. cons: small room (acceptable though), one door wardrobe that includes safe and iron table leaving small room for hanging clothes, lower floors rooms facing street are a little noisy. 
8533 We got a good offer, which made it worth the money. The hotel was crowded due to Easter celebrations and the waiting time at the elevator was ridiculous. Except for that, we enjoyed everything. 
8534 Clean and nicesized room and bathroom. Convenient wit a fridge and microwave. Quiet at night and good beds. Friendly and helpful staff. Very close to the Metro, so easy to get aruond. Nothing to complain about really :) 
8535 This hotel is located just around the corner from the most lively part of NYC which is perfect for access to all NYC's treasures without the noise level of other nearby hotels. It is cute and a little quirky but we enjoyed our stay. 
8536 I stay here pretty often. I have to say that the quality is very good for the money. Everyone is very hospitable, and Ellen at the front desk always has a big smile! 
8537 Very good service, always helpful and friendly. Free coffee and tea service is a nice touch. 5 min walk from the main Times sq. Only been refubished/built 2 yrs ago so still at a high standard. Would stay there again, and I am picky! 
8538 This is a very good, big hotel conveniently located to IAH with very good service and great value room rates on weekends. Stayed here repeatedly, last month again, and it was always a good experience. This hotel provides pick up / drop off to / fro IAH. 
8539 Friendly staff, terrific bar, and nice location at 54th west to Lincoln Center 
8540 Everything you want in a full service hotel with a great location. Rooms were very nice, but could be a bit cleaner. I went to plug into the wall socket and you could tell the furniture had not benn moved to vacuum in a long time. 
8541 La ubicacion del hotel es una de las mejores en Manhattan, Se encuentra en el midtown sobre la 200 W y 7 Av. A dos cuadras del Central Park. Podes ir caminando a donde quieras, todo esta a la mano. Inmejorable. 
8542 Just a simple hotel, but a very good location. Next to the metro and Starbucks. 
8543 I absolutely loved this hotel - I do love the Hilton chain. The location is GREAT, the staff is GREAT, the price was FAIR. Would most definately stay there again. 
8544 Tres grande surface pour manhattan. Deco vieillotte mais pleine de charme Cuisine sejour dressing coffre avec clef. Lit confortable et coussins souples Un peu bruyant sur les etages inferieurs mais c'est NYC Commerce ouvert 24/24 7/7 en face au coin de la rue, pratique quand on arrive tard 
8545 This was my 3rd time staying here. Rooms are very large by NYC standards. Very quiet...in the middle of 54th St so you don't hear as much street noise. Close enough to walk to Broadway shows, many restaurants, and Central Park. Staff very helpful. 
8546 The location was right in the heart of the shopping district. My only complaint was our room was next to the elevator so we were always waking up to people using the elevator. Other wise the room was clean, price was fair and location was great. 
8547 This is a quirky,beautiful little hotel in a wonderful location. The staff was very accommodating and the restaurant in the hotel, Maialino, was very good. We loved our visit to the Grammercy Park Hotel and look forward to coming back very soon! 
8548 You can't beat this one. Right off Central Park West and right across from the Fairview Market. I loved this place! 
8549 I work for a tour operator and feature this hotel amongst others. i have stayed in many hotels in NYC and this is definately my favourite for the price/location/staff. definately stay here next time i go! 
8550 Hotel was easliy accessible and had a friendly staff to assist from the minute you arrived. Hotel is decorated in a very industrial look, very cool. Room was clean and comfortable. easy walk to little italy, greenwich village and china town. 
8551 Great value, would definitely stay again. Very clean room, very friendly and helpful staff, free breakfast with two kinds of waffles. Easy walk to the East Village and subway. Some street noise due to nearby bars. Rooms are small, but adequate, and normal for NY. 
8552 Stayed here for a long weekend with my mom. The location is pretty central and the park is right across the street so we got to enjoy the fall colors! 
8553 Nice and comfortable. On subway line. Good for walking to shopping 
8554 It was very small, small bathroom, we fought over outlets to charge phones, our air conditioner broke day one and they never fixed. ok for the price and we were only there when sleeping anyway. 
8555 The hotel has great location very near Soho. Room was clean and new. A big breakfast is included which is very rare in New York. The price was very reasonable for New York. This was my second stay. All employees were very nice. 
8556 i am suprised by the negative comments. i stayed for two nights and didnt have any problems. We had a clean room 
8557 Fantastic hotel, so helpful, great rooms and amazing hotel, ian on the front desk was so helpful and the doormen couldnt do enough for you, amazing location 110% spot on!! 
8558 Between rockerfeller center and broadway/times sq. Very convenient to subway. Crowded area. Clean rooms and friendly staff. Internet is in the lobby only. A bonus during our stay is the complimentary loaner umbrellas 
8559 The hotel is renovated, so the rooms were very clean and tidy! Great location! Many shops are just around the corner! Walking distance from Times square! Breakfast was great - bagels, waffles, omelets and some other hot side (potatoes or sausage...). We enjoyed the hotel very much... 
8560 I had a LARGE room with two twin beds facing out from the backside of the hotel (30th st)... Large windows.. tons of space. Wonderful bathroom... for $200 it was an amazing value... I would suggest this hotel to anyone that is on a budget!!! 
8561 The staff was friendly and helpful at each interaction as well accommodating in a couple requests. The room was on the smallish side but very comfortable. Location was within blocks of my destination and the map on the desk was most helpful and informative. Excellent business type hotel. 
8562 Location was great - few minute walk to the theatre, comedy clubs, etc. Staff were friendly and helpful. Our room was small with a view of the parking garage but it was clean and nicely decorated. Bed was very comfortable. 
8563 Loved the location, right around the corner from bloomingdales and water tower. Just steps the other direction to oak street beach walkway. Staff was very friendly, even the doorman, when we opted to park elsewhere for a cheaper rate~ they kindly held our bags and loaded them for us anyway 
8564 Hotel situato a Manhattan di fronte al Madison Square Garden, palazzo vecchio non troppo costoso per essere nel centro 
8565 Very Nice hotel in Times Square. Huge, clean room. Convenient to theatres and shopping, and the parking garage is just around the corner. The lobby area isn't very comfy or inviting, but who has time to sit and relax in NYC? I am returning for another weekend this summer. 
8566 Hey we found a great midtown place to party with our group in visiting from Jersey called Point Break. The bartender Stephanie was great and the dj had us dancing on the bar. We found a diamond in the rough 
8567 great location in new york. Stayed for a one night get away and would do it agsin. Room was small, but acceptable Perfect loation for shopping,dining and touring. 
8568 A clean, modern hotel with most of the amenities you would expect at this level. Its best feature is definitely its fantastic central location. However, the friendly, helpful staff mentioned in previous reviews must have had the weekend off; one of the receptionists was positively surly. 
8569 Stayed for 4 nights. Very pleased with the location.Rooms are very small, but adequate. Also, all was very clean. Good beds. Pillows needed some help. Staff friendly. Very nice Library Bar. Would stay there again. 
8570 Perfect boetiek/hotel. Goede en smaakvol ingerichte kamer voorzien van alle luxe. Ligging uitstekend, en op loopafstand van vele winkels en bezienswaardigheden. Uitermate goede service en zeer plezierig/hulpvaardig personeel! Absolute aanrader! 
8571 Great location, close to subway, theatres, restaurants. Amazingly more than decent size room, large bathroom and the view is out of this world. Hotel staff extremely friendly and the fitness center was perfect. Highly recommend if you can find a good deal. 
8572 Great location! We walked everywhere and were always close to the hotel. Very friendly staff, very clean, and the free parking was a bonus. The price was excellent considering the location.. We can't wait to stay there again! 
8573 I love this hotel! Fair price, perfect location for theatre lovers, good service, spacious rooms - and cleaned! I have stayed at Buckingham several times and have booked so many of clients there. Never had a complain. I am travel agent. 
8574 Love the location and if you want to stay in a hotel that has club music playing all night, then its the perfect place for you. It was a little too loud for me, but I had a great time. Great view, friendly staff and love the Bliss toiletries. 
8575 At $169/night, this was a steal. On a grotty street, but just blocks away from theaters, restaurants, etc. Rooms are modern and adequate, though bathrooms could be better-designed. Excellent service. Amazingly good free continental breakfast, though they could lay on more seating & tables. 
8576 The Fairmont is awesome, located among all the great attractions, I loved how comfortable our bed was and how quiet it was throughout the night, slept like a baby, great lobby bar and fitness center! Would definitely stay here again. 
8577 Man maerker hotellets historie straks man kommer ind i receptionen. Service and venlighed er i top og der goeres et stort arbejde ud af at gaesterne skel vaere tilfredse. Dette ophold vil altid blive husket med glaede. 
8578 I stay here at least once a month on business. I've been very impressed with the bar staff at Fairways. They're always very professional and knowledgeable. Fernando Vasquez is a great bar tender who is at the top of his game no matter how busy the bar gets. 
8579 Perfect location...none better for Nyc in a nutshell... 
8580 we totally enjoyed the Edison.Great location.Rooms need a little work but are quite adequate and clean.Will definately return. 
8581 My wife and i traveled to Chicago for a leisure trip and stumbled upon the Blackstone. This hotel had everything we where looking for from a starbucks in the lobby to bathroom wallpaper that will knock your socks off. Staff was great and location was perfect. 
8582 AC window unit let in all the street noise and cold air. Couldn't believe a 4 star hotel would think this is acceptable. Don't stay here. 
8583 Great location for a winter visit to mid-town. We could walk to the TKTS booth and all shows. Nice & clean room. Very comfortable bed. Friendly staff. 1/2 block to subway, 2 blocks to Time Square. Great location. 
8584 My wife and I had a wonderful stay at Ink48. Jeffrey Behrens, the lead concierge, was especially helpful. His superb recommendations made our trip especially memorable. 
8585 I thought Le Parker Meridien was a great and convenient hotel. Loved the hamburger "joint" hidden in the lobby. Wonderful experience. 
8586 I was calling them to figure out the rate and vacancy. The guy speaking to me spoke Chinese for a while and then English for another while. And he even rudely hang up my phone when I didn't hear him clearly. 
8587 This is not the best hotel in NY but ita fair. Tks to Elizabeth that helped me to get my check in early. She is excelent! 
8588 The hotel staff is friendly and attentive. The London has been my husband and my first choice when staying in NYC. We've stayed there several times and are always very pleased by the impeccable service 
8589 It was a nice hotel but I can't stand the fact that they charge for access to the internet. It just made me feel like they were cheap and trying to pick my pocket. In this day and age I think it is ridiculous to have to pay for access. 
8590 This is a great extended stay hotel. Its the most adorable area Comfortable beds and clean rooms. 
8591 what a revelation. I do not think you could find such fantastic accomodation in New york for the price. it had everything you needed and even staff who wanted to help. ideal for visting the sights. for breakfast try Scottys only a block away. 
8592 Perfect spot for Times Square activity. Everyone, especially the doormen and bellmen, were friendly and super responsive to all my requests. Room was large and well kept. My room did not face 41st st., so was not distracted by too much light coming in at night. 
8593 Their phone reservation system is aweful -- no one answers. The hallways and rooms could be the filmset for the movie "Taxi". The rooms are very out of date, dirty, and smell bad. Stay away, unless you can't afford better. 
8594 Goed Hotel grote comfortable kamers in het centrum van Manhattan. 1 min punt van een ontbijt kun je niet spreken 
8595 Het ontbijt bestaat uit koffie en de keuze tussen een bagel met jam een koffie koek of 1 muffin verder een prima hotel voor een goede prijs 
8596 Had a great stay with my husband while staying at the ace hotel. Really enjoyed the room and the hotel bar.staff was always polite and helpful, And the room was very clean. 
8597 Stayed for a day while waiting to catch a train. Nice sports bar on the ground floor. Even though I got in on a "special deal" they had no problem changing my room. Walked to Union Station (about six blocks, I'd guess). 
8598 Nadir in the hospitally room went out of his way to get us honey or whatever we needed. Micheal V. always managed to get us a cab. He works from his heart and the Sheraton is lucky to have these people. Jarrett was a doll too. 
8599 I stayed at the Hilton for the Chicago Half Marathon. The location was perfect for the race and the shopping. The staff were friendly and the hotel is beautiful. 
8600 Very impressed with the hospitality of all staff we came in contact with. The only down side was the long wait for the elevators at check-out and breakfast time. 
8601 My husband and I stayed at the Sorella for the second time for a weekend getaway, and it was just as amazing the 2nd time around as our 1st stay. The rooms are extremely clean and the staff are very polite and professional! 
8602 Great location for food, nightlife,subway only 2 blocks up and Grand Central Station. Convenience and friendly staff!! 
8603 Perfectly situated between Times Square and Central Park this is the place to stay. We had a nice big room ann paid a fair price. Every morning you are offered a free coffee and a croissant to start the day. 
8604 We had a very good stay in the Radisson Hotel in Lexington in our last visit to New York, the service was excellent and we have to thank Marya to help us with our time in the hotel....We are definitively be back. 
8605 Needed a hotel close to Javits Convention center, this one has a walking distance, breakfast included, decent fitness center. No roomservice, but lots of restaurants and Times Square close by. 
8606 A retro hotel, very well located, a short walk from Broadway, Times Square and the Empire State Building. A deecent breakfast, nothing special (bagels, yoghurt etc.) helpfull and informed staff. Recomended if you are visiting NY! 
8607 Friendly staff, nice sized rooms, comfy bed, spectacular view of Empire State from our room! Subway entrance just a few feet away from the front door of the hotel. Will definitely be back. 
8608 Overpriced, tiny rooms, shabby, dirty, rip off, poorly furnished with no taste 
8609 Cannot be beaten for comfort, customer service and location. 
8610 Very good location but very small and dark rooms. The Breakfast was small and each day the same but it was at least there. Also the power of the WLAN could be a little bit better and more stable, but it was at least there. 
8611 The Wellington provided excellent service along with the excellent location of this hotel. My only complaint would be that housekeeping didn't leave towels each time they cleaned our room. Other than that I had a great experience at Wellington. 
8612 We went to the city to see a concert and hotel Felix was in prime location!The staff was great loved the decor.Plus the bed was like sleeping at home. Best hotel bed EVER!! Super soft and cozy plus clean!!! great job hotel felix 
8613 Great Stay! Location was great one block to time square. Beds were extremely comfortable. Staff was friendly and helpful. Would stay here again!! 
8614 i do not know what everyone expected, but for the location and the price, i thought this was a great place. stayed here new yrs eve 04 and found the room great,the staff helpful,and the price reasonable.. great breakfast too... 
8615 It was a good place for businessmen to stay over. Nice environment. There is Continental Breakfast downstairs at $10.75. It is usually quiet, but when you walk over to Time Square, you can feel the heat of NYC 
8616 This hote is fantastically located in Times square and close to subway station. we moved from Park Central hotel which was couple of blocks away from this hotel and supposedly a 4 stars hotel. We were vry happy with our move and enjoyed our stay very much. 
8617 Perfect location, especially for families. Try for a view of Times Square. Everything is just steps from your hotel--theatres, subway, restaurants, etc. The View Restaurant buffet is perfect for kids, and they love the novelty of the revolving restaurant with great views. Comfortable rooms with great beds. 
8618 The hotel was basic, but clean. Affordable at the time, but pretty pricey now. We had a corner king suite and I would stay again if it was priced right. 
8619 Stayed here last month, this place is by far the better of hotels in NYC, I would compare it to the Aria in Las Vegas, Our package included breakfast, the food did not impress me as much as the hotel and staff!!! 
8620 Stayed 3 nights earlier this month when I was in NYC on business. Rooms and bathrooms were small but adequate. Wired and wireless internet. Fridge and coffee maker in room a nice touch. Ipod docking station with alarm clock good to have. No evidence of bed bugs. Parking expensive. 
8621 Was in NYC for shows and the lights of Christmas, this hotel has it all great staff, location and room comfort. The points or breakfast should be a no brainier, choose breakfast! It was great. Location to subway, Times Square, stores letterman and others. 
8622 we were also stuck here due to airline hassles. staff very nice - even cooked breakfast after cut-off time. rooms and hotel are old - slight musty smell still. bedding clean and no bugs noted. think they may have improved after recent bad reviews. I'd recommend as inexpensive lay-over option. 
8623 the hotel is well located downtown near the R subway 3 mins walk. Ground zero work stopped at 10pm and wasnt really loud anyway. Room was clean and still pretty new feeling. Recommended to stay here. Staff friendly and all a fuss free hotel to stay at. 
8624 Prime location central to the best of everything in Manhattan. The penthouse suites are quiet and spacious. The managers are attentive and the lounge is a great place for pre or post dinner cocktails. The only minor setback is that the elevators to the 26th floor can be slow. 
8625 Good medium standard business hotel. Staff friendly and helpful. Rooms and public areas slightly dated. Very limited choice of in-house food/drink. 
8626 Good visit. Nice rooms. Beautiful public spaces but UNBELIEVABLY crowded with holiday visitors. As large midtown hotel go... it was a positive experience. 
8627 Situated in a great location.A fairly new hotel,well appointed,very comfortable beds.Reasonable size clean rooms.Slow elevators.Breakfast adequate but very crowded at times.Price very good for new york.I paid $150 plus taxes per night.Look out for the Red Hot deals on own sight ,prices change quite frequently. 
8628 Great hotel in a great location. Dont miss the Indian pale ale at the Heartland brewery down the street to fifth ave. 
8629 Very cool hotel in the heart of Times Square. The service was good, the rooms clean, and the hotel is updated. Not bad at all :-) 
8630 Do not stay in this hotel. Don't be fool by the cheap prices. The customer service is terrible. They say they do not take credit cards, but they will charge your account if they believe they have the right to do so. Do not give your credit card number!! 
8631 sistemazione fantastica, camera comoda e abbastanza spaziosa. molto natalizio! posizione eccellente attaccato alla central station e alla fifth a due passi da rockfeller, time square e empire... ottimo 
8632 I always stay at the Affinia Manhattan when I'm in NYC, the location is the best and I really love the staff, especially Jessica M. and Alec L. They always go out of their way to make me feel at home. 
8633 It was a nice stay at this superior hotel in Chicago. Everything was nearby and we walked. Rooms are clean and nice decorated and furnished. 50" LCD on the wall with lots of TV channels. Great location. Friendly staff. 
8634 Estuvimos 8 noches y en general todo muy bien. Algunas habitaciones algo deterioradas y otras en perfecto estado. Personal muy amable y atento, con ganas de solucionar los imprevistos. Excelente ubicacion. 
8635 I've stayed at this hotel twice now. The location in midtown is great, and the hotel rooms are vast. The price is high but in line with the sort of prices you pay in NYC, especially when you consider room size and location. 
8636 Cozy, small and about the best price you'll find in New York for a 3 Star Hotel. Location more than good. Close to the subway. Excellent place to start a brilliant vacation in the best City in The world 
8637 Great for families-plenty of space, full kitchen, separate bedrooms, breakfast included...close to subway, attractions, restaurants adjacent, wifi... 
8638 Great location from which to explore Manhattan as a tourist. Rooms and amenities provide everything you could need and the service was terrific. We would definitely stay here again and often recommend The Palace to friends visiting New York. 
8639 Located in a safe and convenient location. Excellent hotel, price, location and service! 
8640 We stayed here for the holidays and had a delightful time. For New York, the price is very reasonable and the location is equidistant to all points in NYC. Our room was small but very tastefully decorated. We will difintiely stay here again. 
8641 We selected Casablanca based on reviews posted on Trip Advisor and were definitely not disappointed. The hotel was very nice, staff very nice and professional (as well as helpful), and the location was perfect. We definitely will return. 
8642 We stayed at the W Times Square and only one word can decribe our experience!! Wonderful. I travel a great deal and always look for a W Hotel they certainly do everything to perfection. Thank you W. You always make me feel special. 
8643 Great mid town location, easy access to subways, cabs, theatre and fine dining. Excellent restaurant nearby is Ben Benson 
8644 Excelente custo beneficio!!!! Bem localizado, acomoda bem 04 pessoas nas duas camas de casal, banheiro muito bom, quarto muito bem limpo, ao lado da Times Square (duas quadras), perto de metro, ponto de taxi na porta, ...... enfim..... recomendo. 
8645 It's in a great location, within walking distance to lots of places in Manhattan. The staff and service were all excvellent, I'd thoroughly recommend The Jewel to anyone. 
8646 The hotel is fantastic! The service is excellent, beds comfortable, it is quiet, but located in lower Midtown, between Madison and 5th, so you can easily walk around Manhattan. It's a great hotel for exploring one of the best cities on earth 
8647 I loved my stay at the crowne plaza times square. Great location and close to everything that we needed. The staff was friendly and ready to help. Room was very clean and would stay there again when we go back to the big apple. HIGHLY Recommend staying here. 
8648 I searched a hotel in NYC during three months and the last week before our trip discover this hotel in the best place, clean, no so expensive and with a roof terrace fantastic. We love this hotel. 
8649 It was a good and functional hotel. A little noisy, but located well, a short walk from Times Square. They accomodated our request for two double beds, which was nice considering we had booked through Priceline and there are no guarantees what kind of room you get. 
8650 pro: new, nice rooms, free breakfast, free internet, free parking, close to airport con: location was far from other things we did in Houston...not a big deal but had to plan our day accordingly 
8651 I enjoyed my stay at the Carefree Inn! The room was comfortable and the staff was excellent!! It was very convenient to all of my business needs and I will be staying there the next time I'm in town.. 
8652 Centrally positioned. Very friendly staff- service oriented and professional. I have stayed at hotels triple this price and not experienced this service level. Will highly recommend this hotel to anyone. 
8653 We stayed on a Sunday and Monday and it is a great location in NYC. Room was clean and service was good. Used points to stay. 
8654 This hotel is great! Very nice atmosphere, excellent food at the Gaby restaurant (I recommend the sea scallops with the artichokes-it was delicious!). Additionally the service in the restaurant is above par. Great attention to detail and excellent knowledge of food and wines. 
8655 I have stayed at the Michelangelo several times. One of the best hotels in NYC for the price range. Would highly recommend it. Elegant; sophisticated; cozy feel; generous room sizes for NYC. All around great hotel. I have stayed here several times and have thoroughly enjoyed each stay. 
8656 I had been warned that it was "aging". Apparently, they had recently remodeled. We did upgrade at checkin. The room was sizable, 2 double beds, a decent sized bathroom and closet space. 3 of us had plenty of room. We were very happy with this hotel. 
8657 La ubicacion del hotel es excelente, el hotel muy viejo, muy descuidado en cuanto al mantenimiento, la atenciion en la recepcion da mucho que desear y no se diga del personal del aseo, muy poco amables. 
8658 I love, love, love this hotel! The view of Times Square was AMAZING!!!! The rooms where clean and the hotel was beautiful! Can't wait to go back soon! 
8659 Staff are very knowledgable and helpfull. The rooms are a very good size for New York and well appointed. Normas for breakfast is a must. The location is great. 
8660 I've stayed here for three years and regularly receive a welcome and leave with a thank you. The front desk manager Irena has been very helpful. The general manager and assistant helped out with email issue. 
8661 with the same price u pay, u can book the other hotel called double-tree suites times square, much better location, much better service! seriously..i dont recommend this hotel 
8662 My family stayed for three nights in August, we couldn't have asked for more. The hotel staff was awesome, the price was right, and the location was superb. Thanks for a great NYC experience! 
8663 Fabulous location, great room with an amazing view uptown and downtown. Concierge(s) were extremely helpful for restaurants, salons etc. Neighborhood is excellent - so much within walking distance. Will definitely stay here again 
8664 Stayed at the Novotel Times Square for 2 nights during Valentine's day week-end. I had a perfect stay: Pros: Good central location near Times Square, room with great view of Times Square, good size room well equiped and quiet at night. Cons: none during my stay! 
8665 Excellent service, on a few blocks from Times Square, Central Park. Would stay there again. 
8666 Our Hotel room was like a show box. There were three of us in one room with 2 so called double beds. You couldn't swing a cat. Location was good, street rather noisy at night. Breakfast average. Staff ok. 
8667 We had a good stay with such a great location. I do feel the staff could be more polite esp when we are paying so much. Rooms were nice and didn't notice the excess noise others have complained about. 
8668 Excellent rooms, wonderful service......value for $$. 
8669 We were only at this LaQuita for a few hours due to time of arrival and our flight time out of Houston. It fit our need completely. Everyone was friendly and helpful. There were no glitches. I definitely would use this hotel again. 
8670 this was a repeat visit....the hotel is old but we loved the location and windows that open...the cafe edison is a real treat with good coffee and food.... 
8671 Great room and amenities. Had a good rate but it's a more expensive option for that is worth it sometimes. Some problems with backup at registration desk. Concierge was pretty good. Randolph's server my first night was just average. Love the location and would return. 
8672 We spent five nights at the Shelburne Murray Hill in May/June 2006 and we would give it 100% for cleanliness, helpfullness and excellent staff. It is a good central location and many of the sights are within walking distance. 
8673 Me my wife and my childrens have just returned from this hotel and loved it very much. It is clean and is perfectly situated for all the main attractions .the stuff is very friendly and We would definatley recommend it to anyone!! 
8674 This hotel is ok given the price in NYC. If you expect a nicer place to stay, go for the more expensive ones. 
8675 I stayed here two times in November in 2012~!! Mrs. Joy helped me so much--she is a such wonderful lady. Because of her nice and amazing service made me went back to use this hotel again. Thank you so much for great service:) 
8676 A great place in central times square, clean and friendly hotel. Rooms a little small but comfy beds, flat screen tv, coffee machine etc. hotel a little scruffy but it's so busy but don't be put off as great location for NY. 
8677 The best hotel in NY! Location and concierge Robert was the best person to advice us on where to go. 
8678 i would really like to share my experince in the in this hotel, its one of the best hotels i have ever been to in New York, i would like to thank the very nice and so helpful lady (( Elizabeth)) for her kindness and and support. 
8679 I have attended a conference here. When I arrived, romm was not clean and had leftovers of food there. Karl from from the front dest was very is very professional and caring ,and helped me get another clean room. 
8680 We stayed in NYC for 8 days. We decided to stay at a smal hotel, and we are very glad we did. Excellent staff, right from the beginning, very serviceminded. When we return to NYC in a couple og years we will stay at Sohotel again, thats for sure. 
8681 We stayed there in June for 4 days and liked it. Friendly staff, the room was ok, but the lobby was noisy, extremly noisy. we would probably stay there again 
8682 Hotel was recently re-done to look more hip. Rooms are awful. Bathrooms are tiny. Windows in rooms are tiny. Gym is ok. This is a huge hotel and I would imagine very difficult to keep up. Very conveninent to Grand Central, but all-in-all not where I would choose to stay. 
8683 Excellent hotel for the money, super staff. I would advise staying there. 
8684 Overall fantastic hotel, great location and superb bar. 
8685 Nice hotel with a good location. Service is ok. If you are lucky enough to get one of the higher floors, you'll have one of the greatest views for a hotel in this price range! 
8686 So civilized, the staff greeted us and cared for us very well, great food and drink, very clean, location is amazing, we will go back again 
8687 Stolen my iPad and Mac book air in 5/october/11 and the hotel don't reimbursement yet. 
8688 The location is the best thing about this hotel. It's close to Central Park and Theatre District and Columbus Circle. The problem is the rooms - stained carpet, sagging beds, no amenities such as glasses in room, coffee maker, or any amenities. 
8689 I travel to NY frequently, in terms of location, convenience, price and room layout it works perfectly for me. Staff very friendly, hotel very clean, rooms compact by NY standards but they have everything you would need. 
8690 Very friendly staff , fine clean room and large bed Elephant and Castle next door ideal for breakfast .Location very central 10 mins from shopping,Willis Tower or waterfront Would recommend and I will stay here again 
8691 The best hotel ive stayed in, great location, friendly staff, great room, clean, intimate. would recommend to anybody staying in new york 
8692 My parents stayed here really and enjoyed their stay. The concierge was extremely friendly and went out of their way to assure my parents were taken care of. 
8693 ci siamo trovati bene....hotel ben servito ed in ottima posizione per visitare Manhattan 
8694 Fantastic location between the Village and Tribeca. The rooms are well appointed and comfortable with great views of Manhattan. The front of house staff are enthusiastic and incredibly helpful, from booking restaurants and recommending local bars etc, really couldn't do enough - genuinely made my stay special. 
8695 I had a great stay hhere! Beautiful rooms and greets staff. Great nightlifenin this hotel too. Non smoking rooms, which make it tough for me but it's ok, ! This was a great place, would love to stay again! 
8696 Zero reception in these rooms. Wifi drops in and out. Television never worked. Three business partners of mine had the same experience. Made it very hard to work. Location was great though. 
8697 The hotel is old and a little worn but within walking distance to so many attractions. Madison Square Garden is across the street as is Penn Station. Who wants to stay in their hotel room with so much to do in the city. 
8698 Have stayed at this Sofitel several times and it is consistently pleasant, clean, excellent service. Located well. Would highly recommend. Close to good restaurants as well such as Bar Americain, Tout Va Bien and Brooklyn Diner. 
8699 o Hotel, nao e la dos melhores em termo de conforto.Mas, em localizacao ele e otimo. E lembrando que o preco tambem foi bom. Fica na esuina com a Brodway. No emio do barulho. Vc esta perto de tudo. Valeu a pena 
8700 This hotel is a perfect getaway or place for business. Roomy rooms and great service and staff! We will alsways go back, business or pleasure. 
8701 Was pleasantly surprised by our room at Hotel 31. The room was typical of NYC hotels, on the small side, but clean and well appointed. Hard to beat at the cost. Many good restaurants within walking distance and the subway is around the corner. Great value in mid-town. 
8702 I had a wonderful experience staying at the Sanctuary Hotel. The staff was friendly, location perfect (only a block away from Times Square) and decor beautifully decorated. Although the rooms were small it still gave that "home" feeling. I'm looking forward to visiting again. You won't regret it. 
8703 Small room, tiny bathroom - no shelf to put toothbrush on etc. No coffee making facility. No assistance with luggage. 
8704 Hotel staff was friendly and the room was clean but we were in a room near the lifts and all night we could hear the lifts creaking and groaning.. Would stop there again if we were guaranteed a room away from the lifts 
8705 I was there on business, but if you're a tourist this is a prime location. The rooms are a good size, and most importantly very quiet. I stayed there three times this month and never heard anything out of Times Square below. 
8706 What a very pleasant first time experience I had at this amazing property. The staff was so attentive upon my checkin in and throughout my stay. I will reccommend this hotel to everyone traveling to Houston. 
8707 I got an upgrade to a fantastic suite. The service is the best you can get and the overall experience is great! 
8708 Ongelofelijk slecht hotel in alle opzichten. Onvriendelijk personeel, vieze kamers, ouderwetse inrichting, afbladderende verf, lawaaierige airco, geen wifi op kamer, betalen voor bewaren van je bagage, lange wachttijden bij inchecken. Bijna elke week moet ik een hotel bezoeken voor mijn werk en dit is de slechtste ervaring in vele jaren. 
8709 very well located hotel but I was very unhappy with my experience. Unfortunately 2 newly purchased Guess handbags were taken from my room and despite been advised that I would receive correspondence re same from hotel security nothing was done or checked out to my knowledge. 
8710 Also called "Riverview Hotel". I didn't realize it was a Club Quarters until check in. Good location- easy to walk down State Street or up Michigan. Very basic rooms...not much fluff. But clean and roomy enough. 
8711 We kregen bij aankomst meteen een gratis upgrade naar een suite en die was erg ruim met aparte slaapkamer en zeer schone badkamer. Keurig hotel, vriendelijk personeel en ideale ligging (vlak bij Central Park, Fifth Avenue, het MoMa, Columbus Circle, restaurantjes, metro). Voor New Yorkse begrippen goede prijs/kwaliteitverhouding. 
8712 We wanted a boutique style hotel in Soho for a good price in a good location with good services and staff , and that is what we got. Very happy with the room, staff, breakfast, and bar area. The Thai restaurant was also really good. Recommended. 
8713 This is a very nice hotel for people wanting to see the sights of NYC. We walkied to just about all the major attactions like Times Square, Macy's and even to Battery Park. although that was several miles. We would definately stay here again. 
8714 Super Lage! Super cool und stylish! Bischen kleine Zimmer, aber alles drin, was man braucht, vorallem sauber! Dachterrasse ist cool, vorallem beim Sonnenaufgang. Der wahrscheinlich langsamste Lift in ganz Manhatten :-) 
8715 It's not easy to provide excellent customer service to a convention of over 2000 folks but the management and staff of the Hilton Chicago did it seamlessly. My encounters with varies staff was all positive. Everyone was friendly and very accommodating. Looking forward to my next stay!!! 
8716 Yotel is exactly what you need in a city like NY. A small, beautifully designed space with everything you might need (even ironing board and iron) and lovely bar, restaurant and relaxing spaces. Don't miss it. Sparkling clean and friendly service everywhere. Loved the mattress - extremely comfortable. 
8717 Dated hotel with rather old and distressed furniture. Needs an upgrade badly. Elevators were old and SLOW. 
8718 My sister and I stayed here last April, we were very pleased with the service and our overall stay. The hotel is in a very good location, easy access to the subway. Room was tastefully decorated and clean. Would stay here again! 
8719 We stayed at Drury after leaving another hotel. It was wonderful. Staff was understanding. Very comfortable. Beautiful large suite. This just saved our visit to Houston. 
8720 We recently stayed here for one night and found the accommodations excellent. Our room was very spacious and clean and had 2 flat screen tvs. It's very near Central Park in a decent area and it has a great restaurant and bar downstairs. 
8721 This is a block from the miracle mile. Great bus connections. It is a small suite. There is microwave, small fridge. Two desks (although there is no light on the desk in the bedroom). Very happy with it. Nice restaurant downstairs. Starbucks also in lobby for quick snack. 
8722 This hotel works if you want a fairly priced no nonsense hotel. It provides the basics and is centrally located which is a huge plus. Dont expect any frills. Thought the Captain's Cafe was very poor. Food and service was not great. 
8723 Fantastic location, a block from Central Park. Clean, funky rooms as this is a Boutique hotel. Room and bed were on the small-side but staff were very helpful - particularly the Concierge. Refrigerator, TV and safe. Probably suited to younger people/couples. 
8724 Superbe experience, very smooth check in , very nice room, got a corner room , very convenient. Breakfast experience great, a lot of food, high quality. Had one dinner, same experience, very high quality and extremely nice staff. Overall a very nice hotel. Absolutely advisable. 
8725 very clean, and stylish but pool and other places were much smaller than it looks on the website lots of gay people... right next to time square so easy to do out at night 
8726 I had a great stay at the Alden. The staff was so welcoming, inviting and polite. The room was fabulous! If you are coming to Houston and want to stay downtown the Alden is a wonderful hotel. 
8727 Great hotel NEAR times square...actually across from Port Authority and next to Corrections Office. Super quiet considering. Room was clean and perfect for what it was - a nice inexpensive place to sleep in NYC. 
8728 Very nice hotel and nice staff hotel. Although a little bit far away from Times Square, is next to a subway station. Very good option in New York. I tottaly recommend it! 
8729 Great value for your money. Was pleasantly surprised by hotel. Staff was extremely helpful & very polite. Enjoyed our stay. 
8730 This hotel was really a great find, it is in a great location, is good value and very clean. Staff were very friendly and helpful. If i was going to New York again i would definately stay here again. 
8731 Still being reburished when we stayed, but we had a new room and were more than comfortable. The room was small for two people, but not unpleasantly so. It's a brilliant location and good value for money. 
8732 We would like to thank Morgans Hotel Madison Ave for full refund due to my wife's illness even though the suite i booked was a non refundable deal, 
8733 The hotel is very well located in the heart of the city, quite an expensive place to stay.Being a hilton honours member got a room upgrade free.The rooms are very well maintained with a luxury bath.The food was quite tasty and had a good choice. 
8734 This hotel is lovely. I loved the location, the pleasant staff, the upscale amenities, and Gaby Restaurant located on the street level of the hotel. My son was bumbed that the hotel didn't have Nickelodeon, but we weren't in the hotel room that much. I'd definitely stay here again! 
8735 the location of this hotel is the best part of it the rooms are very small,dated and very very poor even we stayed there for 5 nights they gave us a noisy room (because of the aircondition outside units) the breakfast restaurant menu is worthless the price 
8736 Room has a spectacular view of time square. Service is superb. Very friendly. Great location. You are near everything. 
8737 This is the third time I've stayed at On The Ave in NYC. It never disappoints. Seems to be the favorite of chic Europeans. Cozy bedding. Friendly, helpful staff. Love, love, love it! 
8738 Great staff, loved the location & staff. Only 2 minutes away from Century 21 and the TKTS at the Seaport location. We found this hotel on Priceline for a great price. 
8739 Stayed three nights: yes, the rooms are a bit small but the location can't be beat, the employees are waaaaay customer-oriented, and everything was clean and efficient. Would definitely stay there again (if we had any Marriott points left). 
8740 No major complaints. Clean room but very small. In good location. Overall good value for NYC. 
8741 Stayed here for 1 night in October 09 -- wonderful staff - very friendly and helpful!! Nice rooms, decent size and nice size bathroom - clean, comfy beds. Only 1.5 blocks away from MSG, Penn Station -- wonderful location!!!! Will definitely stay here again! 
8742 I had a great stay at this Hilton. The place was CLEAN and fun. I wanted to stay some place near Penn Station and this was just a few blocks away. The restaurants provided good food and service. The roof deck was a nice fun surprise, what a great view. 
8743 Very Chic and intimate hotel with great service. Staff was very pleasant and helpful. Room was quite spacious. We had a great experience here and would definitely stay here again. 
8744 We stayed at the Affinia Shelburne earlier this year for our Honeymoon. Nice, very clean, and a great location for the price!!! It was maybe a 10 minute walk to Grand Central & another 10 or so to Times Square. Would definately stay here again! 
8745 2 night business trip. Prepaid on kayak for a very good rate for the area. Rooms recently redone. cafe in lobby offers good breakfast options without breaking the bank. Full breakfast also available. Gym in basement with Windsors for good people watching while on the treadmill. 
8746 This hotel is across from Macy's. It may be a little walk from times square but this hotels clean rooms,friendly staff and great price more than make up for a little hike.My friend and I would definately stay here again in the future! 
8747 i stayed in this hotel for 2 nights over the weekend 
8748 it is a small boutique hotel with very nice rooms 
8749 very clean and cosy. located right in front of the rockefeller center, between 5th and 6th ave. recomended 
8750 Extremely friendly and helpful staff! Excellent location and clean rooms. Love the rooftop bar, Haven! The staff was always available. The elevators were clean. The front if the hotel is as beautiful and the inside! I will always stay here. 
8751 Walking distance to Time Square is only 3 minutes. Very clean, very safe. Got 3 calls from the front desk inquiring about our satisfaction. Large room. Walking distance to many activities. 2 minutes from the subway. Parking jusi beside the hotel. Staff very helpful and friendly. 
8752 Great location, very clean room, helpful and friendly staff, great breakfast buffet and to our surprise, happy hour with wine, beer and appys on Tuesday thru Thursday after xmas. We stayed 8 days from xmas day to Jan. 2, 2011 
8753 Location great..Rooms tiny & to be honest hotel well over rated!! 
8754 In a raw with 3 more hotels chains, this hotel offer good hospitality in te heart of the world. Very nice staff for a good value. Dont miss the airport bus only one block from the hotel. Just in front bus port authorithy. 
8755 Large rooms with good facilities. Location is in downtown but quite remote - no decent restaurants close by. Restaurant facilities on site as well as pool facilities. Friendly staff. Good transport facilities in front of the hotel (tram line) 
8756 Hubby and i wanted to visit the city as we had never been. Our hotel room was wonderful and we got a suprise upgrade! Everyone in the hotel is very nice and the pub Elephant Castel was great too! 
8757 The front desk staff were great! I love the indoor pool and hot tub. The carpet in the halls smell funny and should be replaced, but the staff made my experience a pleasant stay while I was away on business. 
8758 sconsiglio di sceglier il park central.E'solo un grande casermone poco pulito,poco curato e vecchio. L'unica cosa per cui vale la pena e' la posizione sicuramente strategica,ma conviene trovare di meglio nei dintorni 
8759 Small over priced, in the getto, same price as ritzs carlton. I think the people that gave this place a good review either work for the company or got this trip for free. 
8760 Evening cocktails and breakfast! Concierge were very helpful. 
8761 Gerry is a true gem! The hotel was more than I expected. Room was ok, breakfast was good, and everything was clean. But the hotel staff was awesome, friendly, and very helpful! Gerry was wonderful! Good luck to you Gerry and keep up the good work! 
8762 Clean and quiet, friendly staff, and a great location. I didn't need a cab at all. Walking distance to a lot of great shops and places to eat. I will definitely stay here next time I travel to New York City. 
8763 Room was fine size wise. Furniture (wood) was beaten up/tired, shower had some black mildew at the grout lines of a couple of tiles. Location was great. Bed comfort was great! Staff was pleasant. 
8764 This time around we were treated to a very nice room (334) on the third floor. No view but quiet and very roomy (Essex Junior Suite). The staff are always very helpful and we had an overall great stay! 
8765 It's The Maritime I like: cozy, comfortable & friendly that I discovered again during my last stay. If you plan to stay in that part of Manhattan (Meatpacking district), you should consider this hotel. 
8766 We had a big room (1109) and a very small bathroom 
8767 The room was clean good beds a bit noisy (club and airco) Very good location. Friendly staff and doorman The bar and lobby are ok also the wifi only in the lobby Thanks. 
8768 LOVE this hotel. Perfect location, great service. Worth every penny! 
8769 Next time I go to NYC, I surely will stay again in that incredible place. 
8770 The best concierge service in New York, always remember your name and where you have been before, restaurants, shows, shops - rooms fabulous and the biggest baths in New York - we love it and go back there again and again. 
8771 Practical area for visiting downtown NYC. Walking distance WTC memorial, TriBeCa, Soho. Felt like a business hotel. Rooms comfortable but nothing extraordinary. 1/2 block to subway station chambers. The view was breathtaking. Nice exercise room and pool. 
8772 Nice location, but the hotel itself sucks! The staff were extremely rude and did not provide the level of service expected of a four diamond hotel. Never staying here again. 
8773 Excellent spot in the city - close to everything including central park, shopping, broadway and restaurants! 
8774 Schitterend gelegen ,het hotel lag midden new york , hebben heel veel te voet gedaan , prachtige stad , heel vriendelijke mensen en heel behulpzaam , naast hotel bedford ligt bloom's dat is een plaats waar je lekker kunt ontbijten 
8775 Loved it! If you like your iPhone go there. It looks like an iPhone and it is as intuitive. 
8776 The Excelsior is the best hotel in New York. Beautifull location and what is importent :very,very clean. We love the place and recoment to everybody. 
8777 The first impression is the beautiful lobby and cafe. The work-out center and pool were the best in any hotel I've seen. Service was excellent from all staff. We booked through Priceline - what a pleasant surprise! It's across the street from Grant Park & the Art Institute. 
8778 Our recent stay at the Marriott Marquis on Times Square was quite refreshing. The staff was incredibly friendly and most helpful! Rooms were clean. The internet and Wi-Fi did not work like it was supposed to. That created a bit of communication problem while being away from home. 
8779 We stayed here last weekend for based on their #1 ranking out of all hotels in NYC on tripadvisor and were very pleased. It felt all-inclusive, was in an excellent location a block from the Time"s Square Ball drop and the staff were fantastic. 
8780 No better service have I receieved in such of a fine Hotel. Arrived in blue jeans and was treated 1st class. No snobby stuff 
8781 Partner had a broken ankle and the staff went all out too accommodate us. One of New York's finest. 
8782 Clean, looks recently renovated. Friendly staff (although the concierge was a bit testy at times). Excellent service. Would definitely stay here again. 
8783 A little older property but very nice rooms. We were there for a special occasion and they had champagne for us. 
8784 try to find somewhere else.This hotel is like a drive in motel .Needs a refurb 
8785 For just over $200 inlcuding taxes, you get a spacious (my Manhattan standards) and clean room, PERFECT location, and competent staff. Best value in the city it seems. 
8786 Clean, comfortable, modern. NYC hotels notoriously expensive. (Why???!). Couldn't find anything, anywhere else in the city for the price that came near (we paid just over $100 per night). Doesn't have food or breakfast but free cappucino machine is a great touch! 
8787 Dit hotel ziet er zo fris en nieuw uit! De ligging is goed, lekker dicht bij Penn station. Zeer centraal gelegen. Ontbijt is prima. 
8788 Had a great time. The hotel is located in a great spot. Just a walk away from anything and everything you want to see. I recommend to anyone staying in NY 
8789 Stayed here for 10 nights. The service is good and the rooms are comfortable and clean. The location is central to all services and the site is safe. Staf is friendly and helpful. The gym is well equiped. I enjoyed my stay. 
8790 This hotel is convenient to Time Square. The rooms are a good size for a New York City room. The desk staff were very accommodating and the morning breakfast was yummy. It was a good value. 
8791 Close to Broadway shows. Walked to Central Park. Great restaurants in Hell's Kitchen. Double decker bus at night. The room was OK, but you're in NY, go out and explore. Neighborhood was great. 
8792 Great location,convenience, value. GREAT staff in hotel and restaurant .Good selection and reasonably priced and the wait staff excellent 
8793 Convenient and clean but nothing special. No chair (other than desk chair) in room, no in room coffee or mini-bar. Larger than average room. Fairly quiet. 
8794 We booked this hotel through Expedia. Inadvertently we were double booked 
8795 Be sure to check your credit card charges before going to hotel as they were unwilling to cancel our "second" room even though both room bookings were identical. Hotel appears to be very inflexible. 
8796 It was just okay. The hotel needs to be remodeled. For what I paid, I could have easily stayed at a nicer hotel in the same area. 
8797 Hotel is a total disaster, no hot water, no toilets (or damaged/dirty), looks like a slums, no cleaning... it's like a 3rd world.... 
8798 We got a great price thru priceline. Staff was superb, friendly nice room 
8799 Good service. Fitness room great. 
8800 For the price, the Holiday Inn Midtown had large clean rooms and a great location! I heard lots of horror stories about NYC motels, especially size and cleanliness. It was a pleasant surprise! 
8801 This hotel is right beside world trade center and a $13 cab ride to times square. Very clean comfy rooms....love the beds and pillows....rooms big for New York city and kid friendly! Would stay there again. 
8802 Stayed for 4 nights in early May. Room was clean and comfortable. Very close to the Lake and to the shops at 900 Michigan. There is a charge for wifi in room but it is free in the lobby, which is very nice. 
8803 Stayed at Affinia recently; location was a short cab ride to/from LaGuardia, the people were friendly, and the bed comfortable. Location pretty good, 10 minute walk to Grand Central Station. Clean 
8804 posizione ottima, suite da sogno...tre camere, tre bagni...salone e sala da pranzo...cucina....in park avenue a pochi blocchi da times square... 
8805 Not clean, poor maintenance, overpriced, air circulation issues. They say this is newly renovated, but my room must have been missed. 
8806 The hotel and room sizes and shared bathrooms were exactly as promised. So It would be silly to comment on sizes. But the amenities, the cafe, the club downstairs, the service, the lobby are all more than I ever expected. 
8807 Great location... One block from Times Square. We stayed in a queen and it was lovely... Great bed super comfortable and flash bathroom. Concierge was friendly and helpful. Great restaurants in walking diStill very expensive for what it is, would stay again if got a good price 
8808 The room was a decent size and in good shape, the staff were very helpful, the location is convenient, and there was no street noise. For the price, you can't do much better in NYC. 
8809 I've stayed in many NYC hotels. This one was just beautiful. I got a deal on it and def would be back. 
8810 Great hotel. Great location. Easy to get anywhere in NYC from this convienent midtown location. Hotel staff very friendly and very helpful. Rooms are outstanding, spacious and clean. This was my third visit to this property. Will definately be back. 
8811 Staff was very friendly and rooms were spacious. Not much of a view from our room, but the bed was soft and everything was in order. Close to shopping, Central Park, Rock Plaza and the Theatre District. 
8812 The rooms are so spacious. Beds are super comfy. Room service was timely. Location is superb. Gym was large. Totally recommend this place. 
8813 I enjoyed the W Union Square - probably my favoitre W in New York. The room was bigger than the W New York, which was nice. Bar had great drinks, and the staff was very friendly. I would go back. 
8814 Big rooms by NY standards. Great location for theater and times square. Several good restaurants with-in short walk. Hotel food and bar above average. Will go back. 
8815 Great value! Good hotel to choose if you are budget-minded. The pool area is excellent and enjoyable for kids and adults. It is a smaller hotel with fewer amenitites, but it was clean and comfortable. I would recommend this hotel to anyone! 
8816 Stayed for three nights in one bed apartment. Basic accommodation with good facilities within walking distance of major attractions. Staff friendly when asked for directions quickly found us a map and gave advice. Breakfast ranged from cereal, waffles, fruit and pastries all fresh and readily available. Would use hotel again. 
8817 Ligging van het hotel is perfect, midden in het hart van Manhatten op 10 lopen van Times Square. Kamers zijn prima, schoonmaak van de kamers dagelijks en dus perfect, alleen het hotelpersoneel aan de receptie mag wel wat vriendelijker. Aanrader voor een citytrip naar NY! 
8818 Chambers is a small friendly hotel just off 5th avenue close to Central Park. It has a nice small restaurant attached, friendly staff and interesting decor. The decor is warehouse modern, with modern bathrooms and appointments. A good recommendation for a reasonably priced small hotel in NY. 
8819 Lovely hotel, great location! All the best shops & great restaurants are really close by!! Rooms look a little tired, but the beds are really comfy & staff are very friendly. Would stay here again DEFINATELY. 
8820 Value, Clean, Great location. Time Square, Broadway, restaurants. 
8821 sono stato in questo hotel nel 2010 e mi sono trovato benissimo 
8822 Le camere non sono spaziosissime ma ci si sta bene. la posizione e stupenda ( New York e stupenda ) 
8823 Di sicuro ci ritornero' ! ! ! I LOVE NEW YORK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
8824 The hotel was very beautiful, was very big but quiet. The rooms were very big and comfortable, we were 6 people and we fit perfectly in the room. The business center was perfect and it was open all day. Also the staff was very nice and helpfull. 
8825 Been many times to NYC, and definetly this one was the best hotel 
8826 Quiet, clean place to stay in NYC. The studio we stayed in is larger than most hotel rooms in NYC. Valet parking is relatively cheap for hotels in Manhattan. I would stay here again. Not the most modern furnishings but it is solid. 
8827 Location within walking distance to Grand Central Station which was convenient for Amtrak train departures and arrivals. Small intimate hotel with great service and well designed rooms. Clean and noise free. Fantastic restuarant on the property. 
8828 I have stayed there many times over the last years, travelling in business. The staff is outstanding and the service is seamless. Rooms are huge and very clean. A but pricey, but worth it. 
8829 Great hotel close to Times Square. Stayed 5 nights, lovely room, comfortable beds and friendly staff. 
8830 Ci avevano dato una camera rumorosa e piccola, la pulizia scarsa, e una puzza di muffa permeava la stanza, aprendo la finestra i rumori della Brodway erano intollerabili. 
8831 Loved the location. Close to subways and right behind Carnegie Hall. 
8832 I have stayed here several times and have found the rooms to be clean and the staff friendly. Along with the good location and affordable price, what more do you want? I will be staying there again. 
8833 Clean quiet and comfortable, all at a level reflected in the cost. Shared bathrooms were a minor problem. Room was bigger than expected.I would stay there again. 
8834 more than an hour to check in. when asked if this was the norm, the answer was yes during the summer. No ac in room. I expect small in NYC but not dingy. Uncomfortable bed dirty room. Great location but if you can afford anything else, take it. 
8835 Very cool and chic atmosphere. Be prepared for the nightlife...it's crazy! 
8836 This hotel is of a very high standard. The rooms, bathrooms etc are very nicely presented and the staff are excellent. It is in a great location for all the attractions in NY. Would highly recommend it. 
8837 Best workout ever - Sam (the Westin Workout Manager) is the best - gives you personal training tips from as early as 5AM! Overall: Good hotel with nice amenities - rooms could do with some more light. 
8838 The hotel is excellent, steps away from the metro, the room was clean. If you're interested in exploring NYC and are on a tight budget, this is the place to recommend! 
8839 Went to Chicago for Columbus day Weekend. Hotel was in prime location right in down town Chicago. Room was good size. also manged to catch the Chicago Marathon as it passed right by the hotel. All in all a good hotel. 
8840 Great locatiion,front desk extremely nice accomodated my request eventhough they were full dealing with othet guests, they always made me feel special,Gina ,Lois ,davId the room was in a quite location that i immediately went to bed. i asked for a late checkout and surprisingly i was not disturbed 
8841 neuf, clean, accueil parfait, equipement parfait, service parfait 
8842 It was a very good stay, the room was large, clean and comfortable, the staff did everything to make our stay pleasant. Breakfast was good, and the restaurant as well. We did get an interesting price for our family of four, but we booked that much in advance. 
8843 Very beautiful hotel! Rooms were amazing and the service was fabulous. I did not care for the food in the hotel. I found the restaurant to be very overpriced and did not like my food. 
8844 A great place to stay central to most things. Could see the Empire State building from our room. Breakfast area was small but our room was just round the corner so we took our food back to our room. rooms were clean and staff were friendly and helpful. 
8845 every year we travel to chicago to go to cubs game and the sutton place is the best in location and service. good location great staff, love to stay there. 
8846 I have stayed at the Omni, Marriott, Sheraton's and the Embassy Suites downtown but this much better!! Stayed for 5 nights in the two bedroom suite. Very clean, great staff and free breakfast too!! 
8847 Excellent hotel, location (close to everything and great quite area), excellent staff. Super clean and an air of simplicity and "coolness'. If your looking for a location with no car needed and easy walking distance to everything and great neighborhood then this is it. 
8848 Stayed at this fantastic Hotel back in March 2011. Great location, friendly staff and our Suite was massive. This Hotel is great and I highly recommend to anyone, stay in a Suite as the rooms are big with great antique furniture and all the mod con's. 
8849 staff is friendly and helpful.....could use a little more assistance with restaurants great location for theater nice lobby....could use a little more light in the back area rooms are efficient and more than adequate nice bar...good drinks and snacks 
8850 Posizione ottima, camera grande per gli standard di Manhattan e buon servizio 
8851 Visited this location with my brother and our families over Thanksgiving weekend. We had two rooms and both were clean and well kept. Service was great, propert was clean, location can not be beat. Will be back. 
8852 One of the nicest LaQuinta's I have stayed in. Staff was friendly and room was very clean. Room extras came in handy. 
8853 The hotel is a little tired....but it meets expectations. Staff are New Yorkers....so don't expect any politness unless your giving them money. Meals and drinks are expensive....but it's new York. I would recommend on the basis of a great location. We'll be back. 
8854 Only 1 block from House of Blues, Easy walking distance to main street ,shopping,staff was helpfull with directions 
8855 Price to high. Management could care less if you were dissatisfied and they are unwilling to help with your complaint 
8856 lovely hotel, great service. eat elsewhere. 
8857 We have stayed in a few new York hotels, but the muse was the best for location and great service. The room had everything you want when travelling. Front desk staff were very friendly and helpful. We have recommended THe Muse to our travel agent and to many friends 
8858 hotel con camere piccole e discrete, bagni rifatti. estremamente pulito. personale cordiale 
8859 I recently stayed here with my daughters (ages 6 and 3). Staff was very accomodating and friendly. Yolanda treated us like family. She is the best!! Great food, convenient location, clean, spacious rooms. Will difinitelty stay again. Thanks for a great stay!!! 
8860 The first night we stayed in the executive suite the air conditioner was too small and could not keep up 
8861 It was very hot outside. They moved us downstairs to a cooler room. I would stay here again. Staff is very professional. Clean, the beds are very comfortable. 
8862 Had an enjoyable stay here not too long ago. The rooms were exceptionally clean and the staff were very helpful and friendly. Many thanks to George and the rest of the staff for making my visit to NYC a wonderful one! 
8863 We loved staying at OTA .Confortable bed ,the bedroom is not big but charming ,modern and new.The staff is very helpful.We love staying in this upperwestside area!Good value if booked in advance.We suggest they should provide a breakfast area. 
8864 Beautiful art deco hotel, less than a block from Times Square. Called ahead and requested the highest room possible - quite worth it! We got the 51st floor facing the Empire State Building! Very clean and staff very helpful and accommodating. Would definitely go back! 
8865 Came in handy when many other hotels were over priced for a Thursday. Fine size room, friendly service, nice lobby.. No complaints. 
8866 Now that the remodel is done, we are back! Hotel looks great. Location is excellent (right next to the 6 and E). Staff is very nice, especailly Marlyn who checked us in! 
8867 Fabulous Hotel with great service and VIP lounge. The employees make you feel very special, the view from the Hotel to the Hudson river is amazing. Also included a glass to look at the stature of liberty 
8868 just got back from visiting nyc,stayed at the hotel radisson lexington,had a great time. hotel was great ,room was small but clean, bed was very comfortable, hotel very quiet, had no problems at all.the staff were excellent. would certainly stay there again. 
8869 This hotel is very well situated in "boystown," for those looking for LGBT nightlife. It's listed as a boutique hotel--not quite sure how accurate that is, but it is a very nice place. The staff were great--very helpful and friendly. Thumbs up all around. 
8870 We would like to recommend the Blake. Rooms very nice with neat view. Great location., nice employees 
8871 Small room. A lot of noise from the street. Great location if you want to live near Central Park. Helpful and friendly staff. But I have later found better hotels then this for the same money. A bit pricy. 
8872 PLACE: a temple entrance on a Starck experience SERVECES: concierge can let you enter everywhere PEOPLE: italian & stylish CHERRY ON THE CAKE: good finger's food in the lobby GO THERE FOR: to get an ally in New York 
8873 The service is terrible. The hotel manage couldn't provide the room type that I have prebooked (non-smoking room). She didn't apologize and said that either I took the smoking room/handicap room or leave it. My business is not important to them. 
8874 Could'nt make it home one night, so we ended up staying here. Its right downtown so we were able to still go out and eat dinner. Freidnly staff and would come stay again if we had to. 
8875 Booked a standard room but agreed to an upgrade to a Suite when I arrived. Rate was $200 a night after the upgrade. Suite was gorgeous, wood floors, designer furniture. Hotel as a whole is beautiful. Very clean and well-kept as well. 
8876 We are staying here right now! Certainly a fabulous location! Don't agree with reviews of not being clean- yes a little worn - but in a comfy way and spotless bathrooms! Couldn't be happier with the place!! 
8877 Fashion 26 was lovely. The service, although not excellent, was pretty good. The rooms, though fairly small, are nicely appointed though there is no full mini bar. They offer smoking good deals for NYC and it is a great location if you like to be in Chelsea or that neighborhood. 
8878 Had a great weekend with a beautiful view. The bed was very comfortable after a long day in Chicago. The staff was very friendly and helpful. It was close to all the downtown attractions. We got a great deal on the room via the internet. 
8879 Great location on N. Rush - lots of cafes, bars, restuarants right outside. Hotel lovely, staff polite and a great rate on travel-ticker - $99. Bed extremely comfortable. Parking was $48 for 24 hours. 
8880 Sutton Place was characterized by its staff and village like neighborhood. Our favorite urban hotel in US- I am a commercial developer and have traveked extensively and thet treat my wife as a special person- everyone is "celebrity". Please keep us informed of the renovation jim and june nance 
8881 We had a horrible stay. The hotel was full of filth. Service was non existent. The staff seemed to be interested only in the "more important" guests. The hotel was full of shady looking characters. Your money would be better spent elsewhere. 
8882 No big deal here. Your basic airport marriott; nothing fancy, nothing wrong. Lounge was fine for breakfast; room was fine. A good thing to do if you have a morning flight out of Houston and don't want to worry about getting to the airport. 
8883 We been to Staybridge hotel for 6 nights. The room was very clean,staff very friendly and hepfull. Breakfast buffet with fresch thinks. The hotel is located in 40 street. Wi-fi free of charge.We will came here soon. 
8884 Let's keep this brief - this was everything a top-end business hotel should be. Great room, supremely comfortable bed, outstandingly friendly staff. Nothing else to report (which for me is a BIG compliment). Well done, others should take note - there is a good manager here behind the scenes. 
8885 The hotel has an excellent location near Central Park and the subway, with shopping and restaurants just around the corner. If you like walking, Times Square is only around 30-45 minutes walk from the hotel. The whole area feels very secure at any hour of the day. 
8886 Spent 4 nights at The Muse....location fine (100 mts from Times Square / 500 mts Rockerfeller Centre etc) 
8887 Hotel was top class , room small but elegant. High standard of cleanliness. Front of house friendly and effective. Decoration modern .Would have no problem returning. 
8888 had a free nights stay after complaining about our noisy, dirty,small room during our stay in jan 06. not much better considering our complaint from before, apart from a bigger room with a not so nice view! very dissapointing as this was our 4 stay. 
8889 Stayed at the Wellington for three nights in December... incredibly great location for hitting all the touristy spots, walking distance to most everything, helpful staff.. and surprisingly affordable.. my average price for the room was 170 a night.... will definitely stay here again. 
8890 Conveniently located beween 6th + 7th Avenue on West 31st Street , this Hotel is excellent. Breakfast was included in the price + free wi-fi too !. Staff were excellent , rooms very clean - Nothing bad to say about it... 
8891 The Sofitel Hotel has to be the number one hotel in New York city. From the friendly staff, beautiful rooms and quality amenties, all of your travelling needs will be met. We highly recommend a stay at the Sofitel Hotel. 
8892 We stayed here for two nights the commencement of a three week tour. We were very happy with the location and with the hotel as a whole. We enjoyed an evening meal here which was good. 
8893 Good locatet - 2 blocks to the subway. Friendly Staff. The small rooms and floors could be cleaner! Our AC was very loud. 
8894 Good location for walking to theaters, great restaurants, WTC Memorial area and even Times Square. With a polite and helpful staff, muffins and hot drinks for breakfast, and a comfortable and clean room, it was great for our 2 night stay. 
8895 Very close to major attractions, including Times Square, MOMA. Many restaurants nearby (e.g. on 2nd Ave.). 
8896 Not a fancy hotel but well situated and clean and friendly. Located opposite madison square garden, and just a short distance from empire state. Breakfast is best eaten just up the street, restaurant next door is good value. Also has an interesting history. 
8897 Hotel bem antigo, mais tudo limpinho, cama excelente, silencioso todo o tempo, padaria colcada no hotel excelente sanduiches, ponto a 100 mts da Times Square, como e turismo e voce fica o dia todo na rua so entra pra dormir, achei excelente preco, localizacao, e conforto. Recomendo!! 
8898 Correct place to stay if you are looking for something near downtown. Clean and efficient. Just this. 
8899 Me and my husband stayed there for 2 nights five stars clean,great staff and even hot cookies from 4-7 pm we loved it and we will stay again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
8900 Great location, Clean rooms, lovely staff, Fantastic food by friendly owner and workers in Captains cafe next door will return again. 
8901 ottima la ubicazione ; scarso il confort in camera : piccola , senza luce centrale , da un lato del letto manca il comodino ; insufficente la pulizia nella camera : due volte rinvenuti insetti grossi vivi e camminanti 
8902 Booked the "special Winter rate" for $159 for standard suite and was shocked to find out that only the deluxe suites were non-smoking! Have to pay $179 + lots of tax for that. That's no deal! 
8903 There are MAJOR constructions in this hotel. The constructions start at 7h am every morning. I do not recommend it. It's dangerous and full of dirt. The staff was very good though. 
8904 Loved the hotel, beautiful. Convenient to everything...Met Peter Noone in the lobby Herman Hermits.. 
8905 Great Stay in the Best city in the World! Exceptional service and your staff is great! Will def stay there again in the future! Big thumbs up to Nicole Fondry!! Sweet, professional, and very helpful during our stay! Thanks!! 
8906 This hotel is clean, spacious and modern with a plasma TV and nice beddings and bath. I have stayed at many other hotels in the city and like this one the best. Pro: Century 21 shopping is right next door! Con: The breakfast buffet could be alot better. 
8907 Great hotel. Huge room. Awesome location with easy access to everything. Overall great hotel. Free Continental breakfast. Great service! 
8908 Cool place; high design allowing very efficient space (and pricing). Service well above the level of more expensive places. Near some great restaurants, including 'Inoteca (from which room service is available). 
8909 Just got back and this hotel is an A+- classy excellent service and central location. 
8910 Really nice accommodations. The room is nice and BIG for NYC. Walk to everything! Do not try to ck in early, as rooms will not be available. 
8911 The rooms are not huge, but dont be put off. The service is fantastic, staff were excellent without exception. Breakfast was included and was substantial, rooms were quiet and beds were very comfortable a welcome break from snowy NYC 
8912 abbiamo soggiornato dal 26.12.2007 al 30.12.2007. buona pulizia personale molto gentile unico problema davanti a ground zero dove il cantiere lavora fino all '1,30 di notte e parte prestissimo alla mattina!!!! Del resto e' un po' lontano dal centro ma servito bene dalle varie linee della metro. 
8913 We stayed here due to the close proximity to Soldier Field. The free parking, nice bar and restaurant, along with the excellent customer service, are the major reasons I will return to this hotel for business or pleaure trips. Big spacious rooms as well. Thank you Jackie for your thoughtfulness!! 
8914 small rooms. old plumbing. stayed in 3 different hotels on the same trip given jammed occupancy on the trip. this was the worst of the 3 hotels. 
8915 This hotel was a great !!!! The staff was wonderful and the remodeled room was lovely and spotlessly clean. The bed was like sleeping in a cloud. 
8916 Nice hotel with clean and quiet rooms (we had 2 King suites). Excellent breakfast included in price, which is a great added value in New York. Close to Times Square and subway station, but the place itself is not very nice ... Would definitely recommend ! 
8917 When I tried to check in with a confirmed reservation they denied me a room and forced me to wait several hours to sort out their mistake. The manager is very unhelpful and I suspect dishonest. I would not stay at this hotel despite its convenient location. 
8918 I went here recommended by a friend and my experience was pretty good small but very cute and clean. Great location if you are there for business. Close to everything. I will definitely consider this place again. 
8919 This hotel was clean, comfortable and well staffed, and I had no problems at all. If I have to make a flight out of O'hare, I will be staying here again. And the $9/day parking beats the $13/day at O'Hare any day! 
8920 Excellent hotel, very helpful and friendly staff. Set in a residential area on Upper East Side, so wear comfy shoes for half hour walk to mid-town shopping. 
8921 Hotel is great it's nice and clean though a little bit too far away from the 'action' of the magnificent mile. Easy walking distance to the lake from here and shopping not too faraway. Staff very friendly and helpful 
8922 A colleague recommended the Lucerne after a recent stay. The staff was most helpful, the lobby and the rooms are very nicely appointed and the bed was fabulous. I will go back. 
8923 We love this hotel in NYC. It's clean and convenient, right in the heart of Times Square. It's pricey and the rooms ARE small, but come on! It's NYC! What do you expect? Staff is great! 
8924 I used to sublet the very top apartment (Room # 1030) from a rich guy from Luxembourg who lived there for a long time. You had to sidestep a lot of silliness and drama, however, it was a great place to be. 
8925 Very clean, efficient room set up, free schuttle to MDA. A goofd value for folks who need to stay near the medical center. Full hot break, small pool, and work out room. would higly recommend! 
8926 We enjoyed the week's stay! & thank especially Frank & Dion for their helpfulness & friendly advice. Certainly would like to come back. 
8927 Fantastic hotel, great location, amazing views, and the best lounge in the city BUT you certainly pay for it Grab a park view room for special occasions or when someone else is picking up the tab 
8928 Loved the doormen. Room was very spacious for $99. Right behind the John Hancock building. Just off MIchigan Avenue, so can take your goodies back to your room rather than lug them around all day. Hope to return soon. 
8929 From the minute we walked in the service was excellent. We wanted to be on Michigan Ave. and this was south of the shopping but only a brief walk. Room was very good with wonderful lake view. Old charm in the hotel but updated throughout. I would stay again. 
8930 Red carpet at front of hotel was dirty and stained and not of standard of a 5 star hotel. The hot water took 5-10 minutes to heat up in the bathroom each time I used the shower. The television was broken and not working 
8931 We had been recommended this hotel and we were not let down. The location is brilliant, just seconds from Central Park, and around 5-10 mins walk from many of the key attractions. The room was better than we expected, great size, clean. Would definitely recommend. 
8932 The location was excellent, the rooms were very clean, and staff were extremely helpful. Loved the free coffee and tea in the lobby area. Would definitely recommend this place! 
8933 Though small, room is very well organized. Bed was comfortable, linen was of good quality. 
8934 Incredible location in Times Square, with pool and breakfast! 
8935 If it is a business trip or a casual night away, The Affinia Gardens will meet every one of your needs! The service is impeccable and the amenities will keep you coming back again and again! A++ to the individuals that make the Affinia Gardens the Best of the Best! 
8936 I had to take two elevators to get to my room, and they were so slow! Also, my room had a strong cigar smell and poor lighting. It's was dark even with all the lamps on. It was also a little too far from the subway and the Times Square. 
8937 the hotel was very nice, quite and just love the comfort but will need to get king size bed the double was ok was all they had during labor day weekend staff wonderful 
8938 On Exec floor, but room not one of the new renovated ones. Hotel very busy and Exec lounge was always overcrowded. Have stopped in better Hiltons 
8939 Recently spent 6 nights at the Morgans and could not have been happier. The location was unbeatable, the staff efficient and courteous. The breakfast and living room just put" the icing on the stay". Plan to return in the near future. 
8940 Nice place to stay. Friendly staff ! Very close of time square! 
8941 Very Very comfortable bed and super dark rooms, The 12 pillow menu will have you dreaming. Cozy, comfortable and clean. The late check out allows for late sleep in and breakfast before you go about your day. 
8942 Brian the doorman made my visit!!! He was friendly, helpful, sweet and gave that great New York friendly vibe. I would come back just to have him find me a taxi!!! Thanks! Va Bertholet 
8943 Great location - close to Wall St for business meetings I had to attend, and also great view from the hotel overlooking the 9/11 memorial. Funky designs in the hotel lobby, cool stylized furnitures in the room. The rooms are slightly smaller than most standard ones, but comfortable. 
8944 This is my second visit here. Staff is excellent and attentive. Good on the first floor, easy to get around. Excellent value. 
8945 Very nice Hotel with an excellent location perfect nice rooms with very good beds morning breakfast is simple but more than enough subway stations not even 50m away from the hotel so for moving around what can someone ask more surely a place where I will return 
8946 The rooms are very small. The beds are very good. The shower has good water pressure. The room was clean. Location was OK if you know NYC. It is very close to Littel Italy, and China Town. Subways are close. Service is OK 
8947 Estuve con mi pareja de vacaciones y fue todo genial,es centrico,limpio,desayuno normal y en general me gusto todo mucho 
8948 This is one cool hotel that fits perfectly with New York experience. I was up in NYC to celebrate my birthday and the hotel surprised me with birthday cake waiting for me in the room and a birthday card. I had a corner suite that was very spacious. 
8949 Central location. Room was comfortable, but nothing spectacular. Breakfast was ok. $359 per night including breakfast during Fashion week, so mid range value for money, rather than a nice hotel experience. Gym and swimming pool were good and smoking rooms available. 
8950 O hotel em si nao tem nada de especial. Os quartos sao limpos e comodos. Cama king size, colchao nada de especial... Empregados simpaticos. O que torna este hotel bom e a localizacao! Times Square mesmo ao lado! 
8951 The location is awesome but wouldn't come back. It has a terrible appearance but didn't have problems with mold, bed bugs or staff. After a long day walk it was a decent place to crash. Wi-fi and internet connection $$$$$$ expensive. No alcoholic drinks allowed inside the rooms. 
8952 Nice hotel. Cleaning could be a little better as there was black stuff in the bathtub that we thought were scratches in the finish but the next day were gone...ew! Otherwise it was a nice hotel and the staff were friendly. We got a great deal. 
8953 Stayed for four nights. Very expensive considering the very small rooms but the location is of course great. Trying to get an extra dollar out of whatever you ask for, and this really reduced our impression! 
8954 Great location and clean. The main floor lobby is the place to be after work hours. Nice evening crowd having drinks and great jazz music. The staff is top notch. The room was small but comfortable - we only slept there anyway. We stayed out in city all the time. 
8955 Stayed here last weekend. Rooms were nice and big which is true or all hyatt place hotels. No nearby neighborhoods which was good because this means no foot traffic in the parking lot. Only complaint was the pool was a bit dirty. 
8956 Great, great location, half block from Times Square. You can walk to most of the main Broadway theaters. The room was quite comfortable. Superb attention from staff, specially Nathalie from Front Desk 
8957 Es un hotel limpio,moderno y muy bien ubicado,a 2 cuadras del metro y buses.El desayuno esta incluido y te y cafe durante 24 horas. No necesitas mas si vas a recorrer Manhattan 
8958 Staff and people were great! Wanted an inexpensive place as we had 23 people (church group) and had to keep cost down and this place fit the bill. The location was very good and all comments from everyone in our group were positive. 
8959 This hotel was a lot for $99 a night. Kitchenette, breakfast and very clean. Breakfast consisted of eggs, sausage, biscuits and gravy and the usual fare. I highly recommend this place. 
8960 Yotel is a great hotel few blocks away from Times Square. The rooms are small but very comfortable. The staff was also amazing. I will definitely stay there on my future visits to NYC. 
8961 I stayed for 4 nights at this hotel and the only word to describe it is amazing! The view was great, service was excellent and it was extremely clean! You couldn't ask for anything more when choosing a place to stay in New York! 
8962 My husband and I were thrilled. The Flatotel is in a great location and is extremely spacious! Even the bathroom was huge. We will definitely stay here again. 
8963 Really loved the hotel stayed there only 12 hours but had a great sleep and good room service ,staff was friendly and got upgraded to a suite ..the good lighting was also a nice detail 
8964 really lovely hotel ! 
8965 The hotel is right next to the Central Park, It's right between two subway stops and the area around it has much to offer. The rooms are quite small and outdated,but the hotel repays you by it's location. There is wifi access in the lobby only. 
8966 Thought I was paying for 4 star hotel. Rooms ordinary. Antique box tv. Peter on front desk not helpful. Called Alfredo Useless fake politeness. Told breakfast included then charged over 230 dollars for buffet continental breakfast, refuse to resolve issue. Family unfreindly. 
8967 Hotel was clean, bed super comfortable and room attractive. Personnel very nice and helpful. Breakfast wonderful. 
8968 This hotel doesn't look like much from the outside but inside there's a regal lobby, a Starbucks, and a cafe. The lobby is beautiful old and grand. The rooms are much more modern... small but arranged wisely and very clean. The location was perfect right across from millennium park. 
8969 I wonder who is responsible for the vast amount of decibels the airco units in my room produced. That guy should be punished. Thanks to this poor performance I havent slept for four nights. It's amazing that such a classy hotel does not pay attention to this. 
8970 The service was friendly even when we showed up early. The pool was clean and warm. The bar has a nice view. Bed was comfy. Taxi stand in front. View of Chicago... priceless! 
8971 This hotel has the following attributes - Decent, fair price, decent located hotel; the basic needs such as gas, fast food places and access to the major roads. 
8972 Stayed here on our honeymoon, location great just around the corner form times square, hotel we could not fault, Large rooms ( stayed on 39th floor ). 
8973 Never stayed in a hotel like that, on Saturday night the hall was like a club, a real party was happening, but private. Very cool terrace. But the tinest bedroom I ever stayed, but cool decoration. Great location close to Central Park. 
8974 i have stayed in this hotel 3 times now. what more would you need on a fun break in New York. Great location 5 min. from Macys, very secure, nice and warm and clean, great coffee and muffins to kickstart a long busy day in NY. 
8975 net modern hotel, prima prijs/kwaliteit verhouding, goed bed, dagelijkse schoonmaak en aanvulling handdoeken ed. en ze hebben een persoonskamers. met een goede privebadkamer. helaas geen minibar. lokatie was redelijk goed; vlakbij empire state building en 5th avenue. times square en the village waren te lopen maar wel iets verder weg. 
8976 Boom! That's a choice. Walking distance from main NY attractions. Great rooms. Great Service. Sometimes lobby a bit noisy, but... 
8977 when checking with tripadvisor first, i lowered my expectations. when we checked-in I realized i shouldn't have, it's a nice hotel with an amazing location and very nice and clean rooms. The bathroom is well equipped and clean with great water pressure. 
8978 Front desk was helpful specifically Mr Huang. Room was decent, can be improved better. Free wifi, fridge and microwave oven at room are in good condition Shuttle service was superb Daily free breakfast was total letdown. 
8979 Posizione strategica e praticamente attaccata al Madison SG, alla Penn Station,e a tre isolati dall'Empire State Building. Camere piccole ma confortevoli,silenziose,pulite.Siamo rimasti molto soddisfatti tanto che alla prossima ci torneremo sicuramente. 
8980 Right across from Penn Staton. Very nice bed, sleek European styling. Meg was our extremely helpful concierge 
8981 Stayed in this fabulous time share accomodation for the second time. Lovely accomodation with well appointed room, kitchenette and huge beautiful bathrooms in our suite. Worth the price just to have those bathrooms. 
8982 The hotel staff was very friendly, courteous and out to help us. We felt very safe in the hotel. The breakfast was very good. The hotel price was very fair and we enjoyed the free internet service at the hotel. 
8983 Nice shops to walk to. Starbucks one block away!!! Staff welcoming. Room was quite nice, priced high for the area, but it was close to where I needed to be. Buffet breakfast, very nice. Taxi available 
8984 Except for some mold (or is it mildew?) on the bathroom ceiling, this Hotel was perfect for Broadway. Valet parking, check-in, breakfast and overall organization was efficient and reassuring. Having so many theaters within steps of the Hotel was an added treat. 
8985 rooms clean and functional, staff ok and location convenient for business, not a bad price for the location 
8986 My wife and I had a wonderful two night stay in this excellent hotel. As well as the high quality of the accommodation what really set the Peninsula apart was the superb service. 
8987 This hotel was a stop-gap until my prefered hotel had availability the following night. However, i actually prefered this hotel!! I was basic, but good location and clean and friendly. Wish i would have stayed here all week!! 
8988 New York City was great and this hotel was very convenient in terms of walking out the door proximity to public transportation, stores, restaurants. Even at midnight it was well-lit and safe to walk around. Room was clean but average. Doormen were very helpful. 
8989 It is the best hotel downtown. Spacious great view and quiet. The Hyatt has very comfortable beds. Parking, though expensive, was well worth the price. Unlimited in/out privileges made it worth paying $32.00 per day for. Excellent location to every attraction. Very highly recommend. We stay here twice a year. 
8990 Not bad at all. Good location. Concierge very helpful and knowledgable. Not as expensive as many downtown hotels and the rooms are fine with all most people would need presuming you aren't coming to Chicago just to stay in your hotel room. 
8991 In town for a family wedding. Excellent accomodations. Room was super clean. Bed was comfortable to the max. I did not use pool, but it sure looked good. 
8992 Fantastic location and staff very helpful. Our room was on the 22nd floor and had a great city view. Had a problem with our bathroom sink, reported it to reception in the morning and by the afternoon it had been fixed. 
8993 This hotel is more like a members only club. The rooms are efficiently organized, clean, and very comfortable. The staff is very pleasant and professional. You get wi-fi and coffee in the room. I recommend this facility to the busy business traveler. 
8994 Good hotel & good location. Very nice room considering the price. Would definitely stay there again. No unwanted critters found! 
8995 Rooms ok but nothing flash? But location is fab! We stayed 3 nights and would recommend friends and family to stay! 
8996 Nice atmospheric place. Rooms do not have a sink/bathroom so one should be aware of that, but the shared facilities are quite clean. Check-in only possible in the afternoon, after 2.30, which is quite late. However, there is a luggage room to store luggage. 
8997 Woke up Saturday morning with no hot water. All of the 2nd and 3rd floors were without hot water for over an hour. Location and free parking was good. 
8998 The best part of this hotel was the great location. Nice clean rooms with lovely bathrooms. Try to ask for the highest floor possible. You might get some kind of a view that way. Concierge was not very helpful, but whatever. 
8999 he estado en ese hotel en dos oportunidades y tanto la atencion como las habitaciones, limpieza, confort, han sido inmejorables. lo recomiendo tanto como para viaje de placer, como para viaje de negocios, lo he recomendado y toda la gente quedo encantada. !!!! 
9000 everything about this hotel is wonderful- the staff, the rooms, the bed, the food,etc. the service is impeccable and everyone seems to go above and beyond to make the stay as enjoyable as possible. i will be staying here when i am in Dallas from now on. 
9001 Stayed at the Yotel over the weekend and was very impressed. The thing I liked the best was the soft and white bedding. you could tell with total certainty that everything was clean. EVERYONE at the yotel was friendly and professional. Thanks for making our trip to NYC very enjoyable. 
9002 Stayed here for 4 nights and had a really enjoyable stay. Within walling distance of all tourist attractions, safe neighbourhood with lovely restaurants nearby. Staff friendly and helpful. Room spacious and bed comfortable. Would highly recommend this hotel and hope to return soon! 
9003 Great location, large room, comfortable bed, great view of river from window, and helpful staff make this a great choice. We got one night free on our five night stay. Great value for money in Times Square. We will stay there again on our next trip. Highly recommend. 
9004 As per previous reviews, I fully recommend the Affinia Dumont for a stay in New York. We stayed for 7 nights and could not have been happier with the hotel, its staff or the location. 
9005 Tiny room, tiny bathroom... Had heard some noise from my neighbors. No wireless internet (but could have it on a PC near reception). But! Free toothpaste and free sneakers. Can recommend it if you just want to spend a night in a hotel and to see NY. 
9006 So wish they were able to ans questions and knew a bit more of the area around... the experience was not bad but at the same time not warm also.. 
9007 A lovely hotel with pleasant, helpful staff. Only negative is that the location is not as central as I would have liked. 
9008 We stayed at the Park Lane for one night. It was a beautiful hotel. The room was clean, the staff were friendly, and check in/ check out were a breeze. Location was good. I have nothing but good things to say about this hotel! 
9009 Hotel was very good, older, but well maintained. Close to Central Park and the museum mile. Got it for a decent price through hotwire.com. 4 star hotel, but more like 3. Probably would stay there again, I like the area and we didn't get bedbugs!! 
9010 Will always stay at this hotel while visiting NYC. Staff was courteous, helpful and very friendly. Thanks for making this a trip to remember. 
9011 We had a corner room very roomy and looked out at the New Years Eve ball in Times Square. Service quick and efficient. Ate in restaurant which was very good. Elevators state of the art and fast. Very cool would stay again anytime. 
9012 The Waldorf is gorgeous--from its Art Deco lobby to its elegant suites, it is an experience not to be missed. All employees are extremely friendly and accomodating. Thank you to Mr. Long, Ms. Thurber, and Ms. Towner for an amazing stay! 
9013 Friendly staff, great rooms, free shuttle. Two big thumbs up! 
9014 Booking reservation for my boss (David Nance) at the St. Regis in Houston is always easy. Vickie Bellinghausen is a joy in getting things done! She makes my job so much easier. Wish all employees were as professional, courteous and delightful as she is! 
9015 quick and easy to move around, very efficient service, easy parking on ground level. would stay there again. This was a family vacation for four and we were very comfortable in a queen plus 2 bunk cabin. 
9016 Clean and priced right. This hotel is a standard average for a Hampton inn. Noisy if you sleep on airport side where plane sound like they are landing in your room. Very conveninetly located thou if fly in or out of here 
9017 More 'Urban Amercian' than the New York, Chicago is cool and being i the W makes it even cooler Great views, location and bar 
9018 This hotel is in the perfect spot to see Times Square, go to the theatre, head to Rockefeller Center, St. Patricks Cathedral. Just a great location. Great service from the staff. Room was clean and so comfortable. 
9019 Good location, good customer service. Houskeeping works hard, so leave tips. Price was good for NYC but still overpriced. Hotel was busy because of location and lower price. 
9020 This was a great hotel for us to easily catch our super early morning flight. Comfy bed, nice front deck people, and very nice provided shampoo, conditioner, lotions, etc. It was also quiet despite being AT the airport. I would stay here again. 
9021 We couldn't believe our luck when we arrived at The Muse. The staff where very helpful, the decor was amazing, location couldn't be better and a wine reception every evening. The hotel defiantly made our trip very special. 
9022 The hotel was super and the service was great. Bill made sure that our stay at the Iroqouis was fantastic. I would definitely stay at the Iroquois again. 
9023 Clean, safe and excellent location. I'd recommend Doubletree for families, since the rooms are big, have a fridge and the location is so good. Whenever travelling with family we return here. 
9024 Worst place I have ever stayed in!!!! Could not shower water temp was only SCORCHING HOT!!!! Elevators took 40 minutes if you were lucky! We were on the 11th floor and had to lug our luggage up and down!!!! Staff very unfriendly and basically did not care 
9025 So nice to treated so wonderfully. Jenny at the desk was very hospitable. Every employee we ran into whether it was housekeeping to any staff member in the elevator & the manager was ALWAYS very courteous & concerned about our stay. Staying @ The Ritz was a treat! 
9026 Great room perfect location. You can walk to Times Square. Room was clean. 
9027 The entrance lobby looked very eloquent but when arriving at the room, the floors, walls, ceilings and bathroom were all quite dirty. 
9028 They tried to charge me $300 for smoking in the room,neither my wife or I smoke,the bed was uncomfortable also,what a rip off 
9029 a new hotel wuth great service, rooms with coffe-machin,new york times in the morning gives you a perfect start for a new day. wonderful beds etc. thid will be my hotel in new york in the future. 
9030 The Blackstone once hosted the likes if Al Capone. It is very historic and is amazingly updated inside since Marriott bought it. About a mile from the heart of Chicago. The hotel has a FANTASTIC Spanish restaurant. Don't miss it! 
9031 Clean,no carpets,bug free environment 
9032 Free credit towards minibar great way to get water without being a "platinum" 
9033 Good location. Complimentary coffee in am and wine after wk all in lobby. 
9034 This is an awesome hotel, right across the street from the Galeria mall. The room was nice, clean and the bed very comfortable. The fitness center rivals that of any health club and the pool is indoor/outdoor. Overall, great hotel in a nice area. I highly recommend it. 
9035 Rooms smallish but to be expected for NY. Location great- 100m to Times Square. No hesitation recommending. 
9036 We spent 5 nights here recently and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. With Times Square and Broadway at your doorstep the location could not be better. Our room was beautiful, the bath tub was huge and the complimentary shoe shine was a nice touch. Our first introduction to NYC - wow! 
9037 Great location, we walked to Michigan Avenue and Navy Pier. Friendly staff willing to help and answer questions ... beds were comfortable. Rooms were clean Good TV channel selections Starbucks in lobby and several places to eat/drink nearby Can't go wrong with this hotel No complaints 
9038 Functional and in a good location for TimesSsquare. The units were average size and had all th enecessary features for a week long stay. The staff were efficent and friendly and the free compiter with printer was usefull 
9039 Five stars location, quiet rooms. Did not have breakfast at the hotel, but many places nearby that served breakfast. Location in the heart of Manhattan, and very close to Central Park and other attractions. 
9040 The location was great. Staff were attentive. Room was very good, but a little modernizing would have been better. Would recommend ! 
9041 Hilton Garden Inn is not only #1 in customer service in New York City, the rates are incredible and again its Service is #1 
9042 My wife and two daughters spent one night for a short trip to the city. Very comfortable room, and close to all the action in Times Square. We had a room with 2 double beds and we were quite comfortable. Highly recommended. 
9043 I arrived very late at night. The check in process was quick and I was in my room in minutes. The room was clean and the bed very comfy. Great value! 
9044 For the price (we used Hotwire), this was a great deal. Super clean hotel. Small rooms and bathrooms, but updated. One of our rooms had a very noisy window air conditioning unit that needed repair. Only a block away from Michigan Ave! Beautiful rooftop outdoor lounge area (see picture). 
9045 first trip to america! would definately stay in this hotel again! So clean,friendly staff in the centre of the action, and the view from the roof terrace.........WOW!! EXELLENT!!!!!!! ;-) 
9046 We enjoyed our stay but hotel in desperate need of upgrade. The rooms were dark and depressing and a poor finish to carpets curtains and bathroom. The reception staff were absolutely fabulous. Very efficient friendly and helpful.Good selection for breakfast although the dining area was too small 
9047 Hotel liegt super im Finanzdistrict, direkt am "Ground Zero". Von der richtigen Seite blickt man direkt auf die Freiheitsstatue.:-) Sportsbar is nicht gut. Zimmer entsprechen amerikanischem Standard. Der Concierge hat Erfahrung ist ist sehr behilflich. 
9048 Dont visit The topfloor lounge. Too expensive and no information about extra fee for view. The view is bad compared to other places NYC 
9049 I have now spent 210 nights at this hotel with many more in my future. This hotel has the amenities to satisfy any traveler with well equiped rooms, easy access to public transportation, and an easy hop to Times Square. 
9050 Good value for money; nice design; very close to Times Square; great roof top bar views! 
9051 consigliabile, camera molto grande e spaziosa, personale molto cortese e puntuale. ottima posizione, a 2 isolati dall'empire state building. ristorante di buon livello 
9052 Great hotel in a great location. Stayed here for the weekend - the service was excellent and this location was great for everyone in our group to walk to all the Broadway plays we had tickets for. I also found a great rate on Travelzoo. 
9053 Booked the Sofitel for 5 nights based on Tripadvisor reviews. Lived up to expectations. Excellent location, room, bathroom! and food. Will use again. 
9054 very affordable, very cute hotel. rooms were very small, but very charming! computer with internet in the room was very helpful. above all...LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION was great!! 
9055 I'm planning on staying downtown later this week....is the neighborhood ready or should I stay in midtown? I've enjoyed staying at this hotel before and have found it be very convenient and reasonably priced. Are the restaurants in the area opened for business? Any insight would be welcomed! 
9056 The hotel lobby overall looks nice. But the room is kind of old and not too clean. I found roaches and baby roaches in the room. 
9057 All the staff were extremely helpful and it was an absolute pleasure to stay there. 
9058 Only benefit is location as it is on Michigan Ave. Valet people were good. Nice staff. Old, disgusting rooms. Vile bathrooms. Terrible place to stay. Not worth the money. Needs a complete makeover. Shames Essex name. Spend the money to go to somewhere nicer. Gross. Would never recommend to anyone. 
9059 My husband and I recently spent a long weekend in NYC. Hotel mela was great! The location is very convenient to all manhattan attractions. It's clean and comfortable. The staff was accommodating and helpful. Overall, it was wonderful!! 
9060 Mooi oud hotel, 1 minuut van Hudson river, 3 minuten van Broadway. Mooi, enigszins vervallen hotel, schoon. Vriendelijk personeel, geweldige concierge. Elke dag schone handdoeken, beddengoed en kamer. Gedeelde douche toilet ook steeds schoon. Je proeft de sfeer van Gotham, zeker in de lift. 
9061 I'm in NYC many times each year, and the Michelangelo is one of my favorites. It is the best place to stay if you are going to the theater. The rooms are nice, the staff is gracious, and the location is convenient. 
9062 absolutely fabulous hotel ...had a great time perfect location over looking central park wow!! 
9063 Wonderful view and well appointed rooms. The restaurant for breakfast and drinks is wonderful but WAY to small if the hotel is busy. 
9064 the rooms were abit shabby especially the bathroom but it was clean and the staff were very friendly. can't fault the location it was perfect and for somewhere to lay ur head at night it was great would use this hotel again 
9065 Beautiful Hotel. I love the location and it makes it easy to visit so many places. I encountered great service, a beautiful room and a very welcoming and professional staff. This is a place I will definitely visit again. 
9066 This hotel has bedbugs, I was bitten fairly severely. Check out the NYC bed bug register for more details and many more reports. It's a shame as it's a nice place with friendly staff and a nice cafe. 
9067 Wonderful and hip describes this new Euro-Style hotel from the kiosk check-in to the robotic luggage storage. Perfect location to theaters and fine dining restaurants. Love it ! Jim and Linda Munro www.kornerkottage.com Suttons Bay,MI 
9068 Stayed 2 nights this week .used our shell Vacation points.We were able to check in early-The staff were absolutely wonderful-the bell men were extremly polite and quite helpful in assisting with our luggage and in getting us cabs. 
9069 This hotel is horrible! The entire management, from the front desk to the general manager, are unprofessional, unhelpful, belligerent, antagonistic. 
9070 smallest room I have ever encountered when staying in the US,ditto the bed,UK double equivalent no facilities for making a drink in the room staff helpful and friendly Lifts -patience is needed!!!! Park Cafe greta food quality and quantity location good 
9071 rooms are very small, but the common areas throughout the hotel are very cool. 
9072 Not exactly in Time Square, which is a plus for me, closer to "Hell's Kitchen". Talked to a guy who had stayed there every other week for a year and was back on business. Staff are noticeably friendly. 
9073 Hotel di livello internazionale, senza particolari meriti o pecche. Lo consiglio vivamente per la suaposizione: a 5 minuti a piedi da Central Park, 5th Avenue e Times Square. Stazione metro a 100 metri. Un buon affare senza troppe pretese. 
9074 Great location, if you want to be in the mix of Times Square! But I've stayed at other Kimpton hotels (even in NYC) that were nicer, and seemed less worn out, with a staff that was more helpful and friendly. 
9075 The hotel is an older one but the rooms were clean. There were no elevators and the night staff didn't speak english. Parking for the hotel and other businesses are about a block away and if you get a parking pass, you can't leave in and out. 
9076 Upon checkin they forced me to pay to use their 'Business Center' to print out the reservation email which I already had on my iPhone. I had prepaid for the room via an agent and the hotel charged my card again and refused to refund. 
9077 Great location - close to Times Square - but far away not to be too noisy. Staff was courteous and rooms were simple and clean. Close to subway stops. Not spectacular, but a solid place to stay for the money. 
9078 Een prettig hotel met goede service en vriendelijk personeel. Zeer ideaal gelegen voor een bezoek aan New York, centraal voor allerlei bezienswaardigheden. Veel op loopafstand te doen en metro-ingang naast de deur. 
9079 We stayed here for a wedding we attended that was near by. We had no compaints and it was a nice stay and Andrew and Jackie were awesome at checkout! 
9080 All of the hotel staffs including the reservation manager are not willing to listen to their customers complaint about their hotel including the way they do business with their own vendors. Stay out of this hotel. You will be regretted!!!! 
9081 I enjoyed staying at the carter hotel. Not the fanciest, but it was very nice. I got the deal through the Kayak, which sent me to easyclicktravel website, and the price was good so I got it. Stayed for 23 nights. I reccomend. 
9082 great downtown Chicago shopping location, nice, quiet, clean room, everyone on the staff was very friendly and very helpful, i would stay here again, only fault, free wi fi in the room would make this hotel A+++. recommend this hotel 
9083 you couldnt ask for a better location, sometimes in manhattan you cant sleep but at this Madison ave location you can...Room is kind of small but the emenities are fantastic. The roosevelt to me is the only place to stay..FANTASTIC service all the way around. 
9084 Met name de ligging - centraal in Manhatten - is uitstekend. Dit maakt dat veel attracties zoals warenhuizen en Broadway theaters op loopafstand liggen. Verder zijn de hoger gelegen kamers lekker rustig, 
9085 lovely clean hotel, excellent value for money in a great location.Free breakfast every morning as well. We filled up on the breakfast and didnt need to eat again till dinner so it saved us money there as well. I would definitely definitely stay here again. thums up!! 
9086 This is one of the more unique places I've stayed. The hotel is very tall and slender. Our room was on the 34th floor, and we had the smallest room on the floor, but our view was stellar. The room was clean, the staff friendly, and the location fantastic! 
9087 Stayed only one night but the service was excellent and the view was amazing. A very enjoyable room to stay in. 
9088 motel 6- 2900 West Sam Houston Parkway South, Houston, TX 77042 i booked an room from 07/12 -07/15 but i had to leave by night 2 drug infested with reek of marijuana in air!!! now i cant get my money back $42.11 n you think? 
9089 I had high expectations due to the recent remodelations. The only advantage was the location. The service is average, rooms super small, no amenities and the bathroom not super clean and very old. It is not worth 200 a night. 
9090 I wanted to like it more: CONS not a lot of amenities nearby (except G cabaret, check cashing, empty lots and a Dennys), NEUTRALs clean room, decor a bit dated PROs super convenient to the airport, economical, family run 
9091 Everthing was in its place and served us well...Our day started at 6 A.m. and enede around 8 P.M. that night...Convient to ELLINGTON and surrounding ammenities......A good choice or our part....Good location. great staff and early risers breakfast...KUDO's to everyone involved....JIM DAVENPORT 
9092 Plusses: Quiet, clean room. Low rate. Good TV with good channel selection. Near some nice restaurants and bars. (30's-40's crowd) Free cookies in the lobby. Minuses: No room service available. Only one elevator - could take some time to get to your room if busy. 
9093 Excellent location, friendly staff. Would def recommend this hotel as it is perfectly located within the Downtown Chicago area. Beautiful city, with friendly people! Can't wait to go back!! 
9094 Absolutely beautiful. The only bad thing is that it's a shame that the people in New York can be so cold sometimes. It would be great if they were alot friendlier. 
9095 Me and my wife stayed here for 5 nights, rooms are excellent location is excellent staff are excellent. You will not find a better hotel in New York for this price. 
9096 Great experience, loved the no nonense feel of the hotel. The staff was wonderful. We also loved the location. Close to everything but also not as noisy at night. Would stay here again. 
9097 I stayed for five nights, very nice place. the room was clean, but a bit small 
9098 whitout space for hanging clothes, but i went there only for sleeping so a very good experience in New york and i recommend this hotel whit free internet ... 
9099 Stayed for 2 nights. Staff is wonderful. Rooms are clean and nicely done but for 1 person. The same with the bathroom. So small. The James has the same look and feel just a lot bigger and closer to it all. 
9100 We did not stay at the hotel , however had lunch. The view is fantastic, the crowd pleasant to study. The service was TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE. Waiters rude and in the end complaning about the lack of sufficient tips....... i will NEVER step ito that place again. 
9101 How can a 300 dollars hotel charge extra for a wifi? I get a free wifi for a cup of coffee anywhere else... 
9102 Stayed here towards the end of June. The staff were helpful. The hotel is in a good location near Times Square. The room was very small, but apparently average for New York. 
9103 The only good thing in this hotel is the location, accessible to all places, other than that nothing is special. 
9104 Not knowing the city very well , we booked Eventi through a website and we were very pleased. It is in a perfect location with an even better staff. I will definitely recommend the Eventi and their staff to all my friends 
9105 Good location. Good Service. Not great downstairs with the doorman but past the first lift is good. 
9106 This place is located in a very good central location. Room are a very good size for NYC. 
9107 Stayed here for a couple of nights - for a job I had in town, but rooms are really small, didn't seem every clean, elavator didn't work half the time. I would try somewhere else. 
9108 Our room was a little small compared to many upper end hotels I've stayed in, but that's probably typical of this area. There's also no cheap place to park! The best rate I found was $33 in an offsite garage. 
9109 Annmara did an great job.she know how to give the best service. The old fashion way. The hotel needs more people like her. 
9110 The employees were awesome and very respectful. Eat at Tony's next door. We ate there twice during our stay. 
9111 Perfect location - we took our great free breakfast and ate it in the park it was that close! You can walk to Times Square in minutes! There is an older theme to the hotel but it is EXTREMELY clean and VERY comfortable! 
9112 Last min. trip.. super easy to get to, and easy parking ($20- better than most at $40). Amazing view!! Great location. Bathrooms are a little small & rooms are dated, however, rooms are clean and a good value. 
9113 While the location is great, the hotel is awful! The room was dark, dated and had an odor. The air conditioning didn't work- despite the fact that I complained twice. Bathroom fixtures were coming off the wall. Hallways are dark and creepy. Elevators are small and slow. 
9114 Hotel was excellent. Great location. Would stay there again. Excellent service. Right at Times Square. Many great restaurants near hotel 
9115 The location in Times Square was perfect, close to everything I wanted and needed to do. Rooms were clean, food at Shula's Restaurant was outstanding. 
9116 This hotel is in a great location that is walkable to everywhere. Central Park, Rockefeller Center, Times Square, Radio City Music Hall etc. We stay here often and the staff is always great and the rooms are always clean. 
9117 Stayed last year and could not be better placed in town. The dinner is something else and the food great. Rooms are comfortable and staff ready to assist. Would be my first chouice hotel in NY if I return. 
9118 Outstanding service. Friendliness and personal touches I don't often see in big cities...or small towns for that matter. Convenient to everything. Nice breakfast at the restaurant next door. This will be my hotel of choice when I return to NYC. 
9119 After nearly 9 hours of travelling the comfy beds and bath was a welcome relief - was upgraded on cin also - lovely hotel and 10 mins walk to times sq, rockafella and shops. stayed four nights cud have happliy stayed longer. 
9120 Vier heerlijke dagen NYC! The Edison is een prima uitvalsbasis voor een kort verblijf in deze fantastische stad. De kamer is klein, het bed ook, tamelijk oubollig, maar schoon en alles wat je nodig hebt is er. Vriendelijk en behulpzaam personeel. Bijzondere lobby. Zeker voor herhaling vatbaar. 
9121 I chose this hotel because it was the most inexpensive of trip advisor's top 15 in New York City. It was a home run. The hotel is clean and the rooms are modern. I would stay here again. 
9122 Good value, friendly service and overall clean and neat. They comped us breakfasts for no reason which was very nice of them. Had a good time would go back. 
9123 Just came back from Swissotel a couple of weeks ago. Amazing location, literally steps from magnificant mile. Hotel is very nice! nice decor! only downside was that we had a view of the construction right next door. Other then that i would have given it 5 stars! 
9124 Just a few blocks from the Hampton Jitney. We had a renovated room. So cool. Very comfortable, great linens, quality furnishings. The Empire State Building was right outside our window. I'll be back and tell lots friends. 
9125 Excelent hotel, perfect location, good staff overall except front desk team (aboslutely tragical). I had serious problems to check in, front desk team unprepared, lack of understanding and really unpolite, a complete headache. It seems that totally out of Hyatt usual first class standards. Too bad. 
9126 I was awakened at 3:30 AM with water leaking from the ceiling and dripping on me and the bed. Management staff was very unresponsive to the problem. The ceiling had several poor patch jobs and was peeling in other spots. I'd stay away from this hotel brand. 
9127 Dollar for dollar, the location overshadows what is otherwise lacking. If you plan to spend most of your time exploring the city, this place will do. If you are looking for a more luxurious stay, skip this hotel. Not spotless, but clean. Comfortable bed. Excellent concierge. 
9128 Great staff, beautiful views, very accommodating, great restaurant! Outstanding neighborhood. Within walking distance from anything you may want. We stayed there on the weekend of the opening of the World Cup. The Biergarten was THE place to watch the USA/UK game. Will stay there again and again! 
9129 this hotel is fantastic, great location, staff were very helpful and polite, very clean...would recommend this hotel to everyone who is thinking of going to new york, i absolutley cant wait to go back. 
9130 Gild Hall is a nice change from bland hotels with a nice interior lounge bar area, small cafe on the side giving a dark, winter feel. The rooms are good in lounge with comfy bed, but not sure it offers value for money. 
9131 Great staff. Great location. Needs renovation but all in all a great place to stay. 
9132 After staying so many times in different hotels in NY This was a great surprise. The location cannot be better , the rooms are clean and spacious and the price........ very very reasonable 
9133 Een prima basic hotel, dichtbij alle bezienswaardigheden. Heel centraal gelegen, de Gray Line tours op de hoek (en in hotel) Safe deposit box niet in kamer, maar achter receptie (no charge) Goede security bij deur en liften. Lekker authentiek USA style. En goed geprijsd. 
9134 i have stayed many times in SoHo and this Hotel is just what I needed. Not too expensive, great service, so well located but still private. Concierge pulls rabbits out of hats in terms of service. Great bar open till 2 am but no noise is carried. 
9135 This hotel is steps from Times Square and the theaters but is situated to minimize the light and noise in the area. My room was huge, spotless, and modern with a large well lit bathroom. Helpful desk staff and easy check in/out make this hotel a winner. 
9136 This was a great hotel at a good price. All the staff was helpful and nice. The room is small but has all that you need, lots of outlets which are important to me. The neighborhood is good but not great for shopping. I would stay there again. 
9137 From our arrival to our check out we received exceptional service from everyone at Doubletree. Freindly and accomodating staff. Clean and comfortable room with a beautiful view. The cookies were a delicious treat. We had a wonderful 7 day vacation in the heart of New York! 
9138 The room amentities were good, although internet television slow and painful. Common area a little tired. Overall a good value. 
9139 Perfect hotel, very clean, rooms are a very good size and the staff are very helpful would recommed this hotel to anyone infact i will be staying there again next year. Also the location is amazing 2 min walk to Macy`s about 10 min walk to Time Square. 
9140 After getting a super deal on Priceline, my girlfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Waldorf and were in awe of the history and architecture. The staff was superb and the beds were the most comfortable I have ever slept on. 
9141 I have stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn in NY at least 3 times and each time was a wonderful experience. It's in a great location where you have access to food, shopping, and walking distance to Time Square. It's nice and clean and the staff is absolutely wonderful. 
9142 Room was small, but had everything that was needed and was clean. All the service people were friendly from door attendants to front desk to housekeeping to restaurant hostess. everything was run efficiently. pleasant stay as expected. 
9143 This independently owned Sheraton refused to refund us after we had to cancel our trip due to Hurricane Irene. Poor leadership and bad customer service describe my experience with this hotel. 
9144 1. So much noise from inside the hotel 2. Need for restoration 3.Old towels 4. Not so clean 5. Good location 
9145 I stayed at the Sam Houston in late August for approximately 2 weeks. It has a very modern decor, and extremely professional staff. The hotel restaurant had awesome food. It was a very enjoyable stay, I would definitely go back again. 
9146 The rooms are tired, in fact, the whole hotel is tired. Most surprising is that they have no wireless Internet in the rooms. Quite frustrating if you are a business traveler. As noted elsewhere, location is central. 
9147 Beautiful historic building in great location in front of Grant Park. Bed not very comfortable. Service at the Athletic Club not very good. My husband had a massage in a cold meeting room! If you go to the Marathon, perfect location. 
9148 I have stayed here twice and highly recommend it! The beds are comfortable and the room clean, but a little compact. If you are there on a weekend hit the Hell's Kitchen flea market :) 
9149 Had planned to stay somewhere more modest, then stumbled on a bargain rate for the Michelangelo and grabbed it. So glad I did, this is a superb hotel. Modern, clean, efficient, comfortable, prime location. 
9150 Had a fantatic time at this hotel....got upgraded for free to a bigger room. Hotel service was brillant. Hotel is decorted beautifally..Very boutique!!OUR ROOM WAS QUIET COMFY BEDS, CLEANED BRILLANT EVERYDAY !!!FABULOUS HOTEL would definitley return!!!Stunning lobby area!!NEW YORK WAS A FANTASTIC PLACE TOO!! location was fab!! 
9151 Service was fantastic and the Bed was so plush to slumber in. Can't beat the location in Manhattan, can walk to most tourist destinations. 
9152 Easy access to the center of the city, just next to central park so which makes it a great place especially in the mornings 
9153 Convenient location to Fashion Institute, Penn Station and shopping. Rooms are clean and well appointed, bed was super comfortable and staff was wonderful. Our room (1508) had a nice view of the Empire State building as did the roof top bar. Would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in NYC! 
9154 I was only in the hotel one night, but it was clean, comfortable, and well maintained. Several restaurants nearby and easy access to the freeway. Will stay here again when I am in the area. 
9155 Our room was small, and the sink area has no place to put toiletries, but it was clean and the beds were comfortably firm. Service was outstanding. Each request (towels, kleenex, etc.) was responded to with lightening speed. The breakfast was decent and the location couldn't be beat. 
9156 Very nice hotel. Excellent location. Very friendly staff. Clean and modern, very cool. We felt like VIPs for our stay. 
9157 Not happy with my stay- a lot of problems due to renovation, not too friendly a staff. It took me several calls to have my room made by 7 p.m.(!) The room itself was somewhat small and "busy". Despite the great location I will stay away from this hotel. Alex 
9158 Prima hotel, schone kamers, heerlijke bedden! Uitzicht was niet zo best, echter maakte dat niet uit daar we er alleen maar sliepen. Midden in centrum, dichtbij alle highlights. Ontbijtzaal beetje aan de kleine kant, ontbijt is voldoende. 
9159 We have stayed at this hotel twice and the rooms are big and clean. The hotel staff are wonderful. They go out of their way to help you. The free breakfast is wonderful. You cannot go wrong with this hotel. I highly recommend staying here! 
9160 The hotel was above average. The location was fantastic and the price was unbeatable through www.hotwire.com. There is a pool but it is set up for laps (exercising) not really just available for soaking and relaxing in the water. 
9161 the good- Alex at front desk,James the maintainence man,the free breakfast,free coffee.location,cleanliness,fast yes fast elevator-never had to wait the bad-terrible noisy banging radiators,too much heat,noise if your room faces the street 
9162 Suite was perfect. Bed and linens comfy. Fabulous view. Easy walk to subway. Polite and friendly staff. Relaxing and upscale spa. Barking Dog restaurant, next door tasty and affordable, ESP. Breakfast and lunch. 
9163 The rooftop view at Le Bain is beautiful. Probably one of the best views of the city, night or day. The club downstairs is a lot of fun. Everything is clean and the staff are very friendly. The vibe is very laid back and one of enjoyment. 
9164 If you are looking for a Marriot on Times Square this is the place to go! Great Service, Concierge Lounge, Amazing...2 words STAY HERE! 
9165 excellent hotel, great location, the staff is very attentive and helpful, the decor and atmosphere is super chic and amazing all mederno the price can be a bit high but well worth the acura service seemed like a very good form of marketing 
9166 The hotel was perfect, all new , clean, and near times square. the rooms are modern and equipped, and beautiful views.People are friendly and very attentive.The common area very modern and stylish.The value for money is very good for the prices that are in new york. 
9167 nice staff, clean property, great location & spectacular views (the Lakeview in West Tower is at the end of the hallway and thunderstorm rolling in was incredible; my riverview room was also just terrific you should ask for the Murphy bed room) - hard to ask for more 
9168 Of course you cannot beat the views of Times Square - but the staff are amazing and very helpful, as well as fun! 
9169 Hilton New York is large hotel and impersonal, but rooms are comfortable and has great location. Service work. 
9170 Hier pas geleden bijna een week gelogeerd, prima hotel, kamer was ruim zat, twee grote aparte bedden, schoon, voldoende linnengoed, niets dan lof. Personeel was vriendelijk en meewerkend. Alleen het reisgezelschap viel tegen, maar daar kon niemand van het hotel iets aan doen !! 
9171 paid $200. per night to stay in a rabbit hutch size room,booked deluxe studio room with trailfinders,checked on internet back home appears we were put in a standard room,plus point it had been recentley decorated,stayed 3 nights,room not cleaned or made up on second day 
9172 Stayed here for one-night weekend escape. Elegant building. Wonderful location. Friendly stuff. Big, clean, luxury room with nice bed and bathroom. St. Patrick's Cathedral view. Will definitely stay again. 
9173 Got there in the evening, got a dirty room. After wait, very nice front desk gives me new room key and says; check this one...not su funny when you find out they're actually not sure! poor water pressure, annoying. Will i go back? No 
9174 Great romanitic getway with my Wife. It is close to everything and the room service food is divine. I highly recommend for a couple wanting a romotic getaway. 
9175 Stayed here three nights for a conference. Good room, updated nicely. Small new York bathroom. Room service very limited. No food onsite at night, which you need if you just want to collaps in your room. Went to a deli close by. 
9176 Nice, clean, breakfast- pancakes, sausage, eggs, toast, juice coffee etc. Manager, Nicole was nice. However, if you book from Hotwire you will likely be given a bed with king size and will have to pay extra if you want 2 queen beds. 
9177 I would definitely stay here again for three main reasons. The rooms are very spacious for a NY city hotel and spotless. The location is spectacular. MOMA is directly across the street and so many places are within in walking including some great restaurants. The staff was great! 
9178 Beautiful! Front desk was great! Rooms were immaculate....all in all, a great stay! 
9179 Location is excellent, rooms are a good size. The view is lacking, and the entrance/lobby is not flashy, but I didn't come to NY for the hotel views. It was a pleasant experience, and I would definitely stay there again (If I could afford it). 
9180 We were there for a family wedding. The staff was AMAZING! Very kind, and friendly. Did everything to make you feel welcome and comfortable. Breakfast was fantastic. Would definitely recommend. 
9181 Only complaint is no cupcakes spotted or offered the entire time we were there! Otherwise, easy in and out with valet parking. Good floor by floor security although area was good, never felt unsafe. Restaurant loud, but food ok. Good location and clean. 
9182 They gave me a noisy and dirty room. Lock of the door was broken. Air con like a war engine! Breakfast is poor with none quality food! Staff is noisy and not friendly! Not worth for expensive price! 
9183 The staff was so warm and welcoming, I felt like I was home. Love the wine reception in evenings. 
9184 From the doorman's warm greeting to the expert check-in, to the attentiveness of the staff, to the excellent bar food and very good wine list, to the spacious and extremely quiet room, this was the perfect place to mix business and pleasure in the City. 
9185 St. Giles excels in service and comfort. What could be better? It is close to Grand Central Station and much else. Maria--at the front desk--deserves special mention. She soothed me after a taxi problem! 
9186 Just got back from 3 nights here. Delightful staff from front door to the desk. Everyone was very accomodating. Clean as a whistle, great shower. Damn construction starts at 7 a.m., surely not the hotels fault. Would I stay here again, oh yes. Location, location, location. 
9187 We stayed here for 3 nights Dec 2011. The front desk was helpful, the room was a good size for New York City. Was very clean, NO BEDBUGS! Good location for walking to Times Square and Macys. Housekeeping came everyday. We were very pleased. Free WiFi too! 
9188 This was my first visit to times square Hilton.The hotel is very well located in the heart of the city. Very nice breakfast with lot of options.The bed was very comfy and well equipped and modern room.The shower was nice and clean. 
9189 Enoyed my stay, very helpful and pleasant staff. Room comfortable and good size. Only downside was I was opposite linen cupboard so was a bit noisy outside room when this area was being used by hotel staff. Would return, nice quiet area and close to reataurants coffee shops etc 
9190 Room were very small, charge/fee were high for the size of the room. You need a key card to access the elevator, it almost never work. It is not a place for family with children. There is nothing for children to do in hotel. 
9191 Excellent and expensive spacious accomodation, efficient service and location that cannot be beaten. Exceptional value at the summer weekend rate of 275 USD. We especially liked the view from the st. patrick's side. 
9192 I loved my stay in New York, the hotel is very well located, very beautiful. But it is too expensive, the room is small, it does not have breakfast, and we have to pay for the internet!! If this hotel was not that expensive i would come back there certainly! 
9193 My meeting was a disaster. Internet repeatedly failed. Cell phones don't work well in meeting rooms. Temperature of room was either too hot or too cold. Management was unaccountable. The food made us queasy... The place has become dirtier since my last visit. 
9194 The general heating system went on at nights and made a loud, constant pingning noise. The hotel is aware of the problem but I don't think they are planning changes any time soon. Ear plugs is not enough to get a decent night's sleep. 
9195 Stayed at Club Quarters January 2nd. Was fine - the location is a little TOO quiet there by wall street for us vacationers - next time we'll stay closer to downtown Manhattan. I liked the free internet available in the club room. Room was very small, but not unpleasant. 
9196 Habitacion vieja sin renovar RUIDO infernal de la calle y de los aparatos de la habitacion " aire acondicionado" secador y otros aparatos sin funcionar "suite junior" 250 $ la noche por 15 noches Personal de recepcion hotel con muy poca atencion y sin dar ninguna facilidad 
9197 Our room at the Michelangelo was one of the largest hotel rooms that we've ever had and in New York, that's certainly a luxury. This is an elegant, well maintained hotel, centrally located and close to subway stops. We will look forward to staying here again! 
9198 I stayed here in October 2011 with 2 friends of mine, we had something like an apartment /2 rooms + kitchenette/, it was spacious, clean. The location is very convenient if you want to explore NY city. Deffinitely recommended. Price was ok, too. 
9199 Tipico hotel de pelicula, excelente trato y muy bien situado en la ciudad!! 
9200 Zeer vriendelijk personeel maar erg kleine kamer en lawaaiig omdat de motor van de airco in de kamer staat en ik ook nog eens een kamer op de bovenste verdieping had met op het dak een grote machine voor het hele pand. 
9201 Really good location as in soho and close go subway in safe area. Rooms are clean but small. Using elevators in morning impossible as only 2 and the housekeepers hog them. Go for north facing rooms. Drum practice popular nearby on south facing side. Clean 
9202 We stayed at the Sofitel and had two rooms one for our teenagers 16 &18 and one for my husband and I. The hotel was very roomy, and comfortable, quiet and very well located. 
9203 The Wellington in NYC was in a great location. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel itself is an older building so our room wasn't as modern. But for the 5 days we were there, it had everything we needed. I would recommend it and stay there again. 
9204 Loved this old hotel. Huge rooms ! Great price and warm and friendly staff. Would stay again and the location is fantastic. Grab the $4 breakfast, wow ! 
9205 After an exhaustive search, my wife and I decided to stay here for one night. The hotel has a great location, super staff and very well designed and kept up. For the money, you'll be hard pressed to find a deal like this elsewhere. 
9206 First, I was impressed with free shuttle service to Hobby airport and Medical center, and most of the staff was very friendly. Room was very clean and it seemed hotel was very new. I would highly recommend to anyone who may need to stay at near the Medical center. 
9207 This is a very good hotel, located centrally in Manhattan. The perfect starting point to discover Manhattan. Very cheap for what you get. Whenever we are back in NYC, we will definitely stat at this hotel. 
9208 abbiamo soggiornato un asettimana in questo albergo ero io e la mia fidanzata ci siamo trovati molto bene stanze accoglienti, bagni grandi, colazione buona locali puliti ottima esperienza vicino alla metropolitana 
9209 The service here was EXCEPTIONAL. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the small plates and diverse liquor menu, but having it all brought quickly and efficently. Priceless. Oh, and the location (underground like a speak easy) ensured that my BB wasn't bothering me every two minutes. 
9210 Great location, two minutes from I-10. You can walk inside a tunnel with A/C to the Memorial City Mall or next door to the Memorial Hermann Memoriay City Medical Center. Hotel has a complimentary shuttle to business nearby. 
9211 Stayed in 2419 recently. Paid extra for the lake view. Yes, you can see the lake but it is partially blocked by some buildings. This was a nice hotel and cleaner/nicer than most I've stayed in. The staff was great too. I have no complaints! 
9212 Great location and clean rooms. Didn't spend a lot of time in the hotel but it was comfortable when we were there. 
9213 The bathrooms are small and not updated. Food not very good. Air units in the rooms hard to regulate. 
9214 I enjoy taking a vacation from my apartment and trying different new york hotels. This hotel was just ok. It was nice and the rooms were nice, but I had some problems with staff. There are other hotels I prefer. 
9215 L'hotel si trova in ottima posizione centrale, a due passi dalla fifth avenue. E' pulito, dotato di tutti i confort, molto carino e silenzioso. La camera era spaziosa, confortevole e molto pulita. Colazione compresa nel prezzo. Personale squisito e professionale. Raccomando assolutamente questo hotel. 
9216 We have been at this hotel many times in the past few years. The staff is friendly and helpful. This past visit Gina was extremely good to us in selecting a wonderful room. sincerly yours, Judith Adelman Birmingham, Mi. 
9217 Great location, large clean room with dated furniture. Pleasant surprise 
9218 wonderful hotel and great location. friendly helpfull staff and clean. 
9219 where do i start, cannot fault this hotel, great location, great costumer care,great room, we were on the 32nd floor, the hotel upgraded our room as it was a special birthday, the view from our room was amazing, everyone so helpful and lovely,will be staying here again. 
9220 ottima posizione. grande gentilezza alla reception. camera spaziosa,confortevole. cucina attrezzata di tutto. pulizia ottima (cambio giornaliero di biancheria letto e bagno. ci tornerei e lo consiglio! 
9221 we had a central park king room with a perfect view! they staff is very friendly and always at your service. the location is excellent with subway access close by. a ++++ 
9222 Went to NYC with my my husband and two daughters. Searched high and low for a hotel to accomodate four. Wanted a good location and a decent size room. This hotel was excellent! The service was great. I'd stay there again tomorrow if I could. I highly recommend it. 
9223 The location is what is great about this hotel. A nice feature was that the double/double room also had a pullout couch in the room for an extra guest. There is really nothing else special about the accomodations. 
9224 Not as great as advertised. Not worth the price. Poor management and service. Their suites are considered rooms that are connected, not like the pictures posted on their website. Would recommend only if you want one room, and hopefully the bathroom is clean upon your arrival. 
9225 Although smalll and a little tatty. Comfortable clean. Get a room with a bathroom. Great location walking distance to empire state. If you want luxury, no way. This place is convinent, clean, and brill value. New York is amazing. Invest in good shoes. 
9226 My stay was for over a week and I make the trip twice a year...I really look forward to seeing Jim Quinn at the bar daily! He always makes our group feel welcome. 
9227 Great service, clean rooms, friendly staff. They helped us get around the city, made recommendations for restaurants, and overall were a great help. 
9228 Likes: - location direct in chinatown - restaurants nearby - close to travelbus - NY business district nearby - close to underground Dislikes: - the rooms are facing the Manhattan bridge, hence noisy. 
9229 we booked before reading all the terrible reviews & was tempted to cancel... the room was basic but alright.. my mobile charger would not work in any of the sockets.. but the location was FANTASTIC.. and am planning to go this december again but will book an upgrade 
9230 Got a great deal on priceline and it was a superb hotel. Friendly, helpful staff, great acoomodations and great location. Near subway lines and lots of great restaurants. Will stay there again in the future. 
9231 Great location and good,accomodations ,room was small but newly rennovated. Our room seemed to have lots of noise from outside which was somewhat bothersome. Parks and Museums are close and within walking distance. There was a nice breakfast buffet in the restaurant. 
9232 Very functional hotel. Very clean if a bit cramped but considering the location this is to be expected at the price. Just five or ten minutes stroll to Empire State Building, Macey's and Times Square. Free coffee all day and a decent complimentary breakfast. Good budget hotel. 
9233 Stayed here for two nights, and was very impressed with our stay. Nice clean rooms, great resturants. The desk help was very helpful, anything we needed was taken care of. Staff was extremely helpful. Would stay again. 
9234 Very good value for money because of its location, Times Square! Typical of a city hotel. The staff were very helpful, kind and cheerful. Rooms rather tired and breakfast very expensive. Would stay there again. 
9235 This grand old hotel has been restored beautifully. Great stay! 
9236 Got a great price on this hotel. Love the location. Had breakfast each morning next door in Viande. Markets across the street were handy for snacks and drinks. Subway at 72nd St. is very convenient, and Central Park is only a few blocks to the east. 
9237 Cet hotel est tres bien place et permet de visiter New-York a pied ou en metro sans difficultes. L'acces internent n'est pas inclus dans le prix des chambres et le parking attenant a l'hotel est tres cher. Les chambres meriteraient d'etre renovees. 
9238 Nice hotel, great service, fresh, clean, crisp accomodations. Ask for Dee in the restaurant. She is an A+ server. Sweet, professional, efficient, made us feel welcome and important. 
9239 This is my favorite New York hotel. It can be a bit pricey, but is a lovely, very safe property. Their customer service is excellent and you absolutely cannot beat the location. Very close to the subway, Broadway and some excellent restaurants. 
9240 Exciting interior decoration, the most beautiful mini bar ever. Wonderful roof top terrace and drinks to die for. 
9241 I have never stayed in such a small dark room, really depressing so had to stay out as much as possible. There was not even room to put clothes away and the loo was so close to the wall it was difficult to sit on. 
9242 Magnificas atenciones de Angelica y Julie en el front desk. !!! Las habitaciones muy limpias y confortables. Definitivamente volveremos. !!! 
9243 Good Breakfast and Airport Shuttle. This hotel should be a 3 star. I were at this hotel two years ago, they have done a lot of updates. 
9244 This hotel was great! The location was perfect, just steps from Times Square and many broadway theatres. The staff was wonderful, always polite. The rooms were very spacious and extremely clean! The rain shower was awesome! I would recommed this hotel to anyone!! 
9245 ridiculuosly small old bathrooms slow hot elevators hot hallways security people bothering you while your having cocktails and just laughing ?????????? 
9246 The hotel is currently undergoing some renovations but I was not disturbed in the least. The rooms are small but very comfortable. Bath rooms are very nice and all the toiletries are included every day. Very Euro style. I'd go bacvk and will. 
9247 Small rooms, typical of the old building type. Great location. Uncomfortable bed & desk. 
9248 The hotel has an excellent location. We were so happy that we were able to check in early. The concierge was very helpful for dinner recommendations which was very helpful. 
9249 Room is very good. Great location, half block to main Times Square. Easy access to subway. simple breakfast (1 fruit, cereal, milk, yogurt, bread. that's it) 
9250 Tak/thanks we had a very pleasant stay. We had a big suite for 4 people. Your staff is excellent give them our best. Thanks for the warm welcome. The 4 Danes. 
9251 This is a great property with wonderful rooms. Look forward to staying here every time I come to NY. 
9252 Stayed in Edison last september, & loved it s much gonna do it again this september!! We even got to meet Garth Brookes outside Radio City , great place to be based when staying in the big apple. 
9253 Hotel was clean, good location.. They double charged my debit card on a Thursday, called Friday and no one was available until Monday to issue a credit?! Got xfered on the phone 4 times until it reached someone's voicemail. Won't stay here again 
9254 Really good location just off 5th avenue at the Empire States Building. Staff were helpful with everything we asked of them. Close enought to transport link to everywhere in Manhattan and beyond. 
9255 Lobby has nice mellow atmosphere with lit candles and nice low-key lighting. Some of the rooms are a very good size, with large closets and nice, new furniture-- modern. Views can be very cool if placed in right room. They're doing a good job. Luxurious feel. 
9256 Terrible place....almost $400 dollars a night for a room that made it impossible to take two steps without bumping into a wall, table or your significant other....Oh...and a great view to a...wall...made me think I was a character in The Shawshank Redemption....Silly decoration and terrible customer service...avoid. 
9257 The staff was friendly and the rooms were comfortable and clean. I would stay there again. 
9258 Value for the money - booked few months earlier for the Summer month of August in order to get a great deal! Convenient to everywhere. Whole Foods Market, Starbucks, Fedex are just across the street or a block away. Newspapers: NY Times, WSJ and USA TODAY readily available everyday. 
9259 Mitten am Times Square gelegen und doch ein super ruhiges Zimmer. Sehr schickes Restaurant und Bar, aber auch schon gut ausgebucht vorher. Einfach optimal 
9260 Fantastisch hotel, op een supergoede locatie. 5 minuten van Times square, binnen een kwartier in Central Park, Fifth avenue en Madison Square Garden. Echt een aanrader, ook omdat de kamer zeer netjes was, lekker groot en heel fijn dat er een klein keukentje inzit. 
9261 The service and level of attentiveness was great. The staff was courteous and met every request with efficiency. The atmosphere is warm, friendly and welcome. The rooms were clean. It's within great proximity and walking distance to everything. Great trip! 
9262 Average Rooms but very clean, awesome staff, great location... well worth it for the price 
9263 Nice hotel and good staff except the cleaning crew that through out all my hand luggage and documents while I was out shopping. Management handled it after a lot discussion. The hotel is nice and good location across the Galleria. 
9264 Centrally located to subways and all midtown attractions. It served our purpose as a place to stay for a late night concert because we would not have caught a train back to NJ so late. If you get the quad room there is ample space. 
9265 I stayed last summer, and this hotel was great! Shared bathrooms were always clean, rooms were quiet, and the stay was nice. If you are looking for somewhere budget friendly to stay, that is clean and centrally located, then this one is perfect! Definitely would stay again! 
9266 The hotel was peaceful and clean. It was close to the wall street subway stop and the area was very secure and safe. The complimentary chilled water stations are great! 
9267 The elevators smelled like raw sewage. The appearance of the hallways and rooms is very tired and worn. Everything looked, felt, and smelled dirty. I would definitely not recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to NYC. I am still disgusted by the thought of staying there. 
9268 My husband and I stayed at The Edison Hotel for two nights. It was clean, friendly and the location was great. The people who worked there were all friendly and welcoming. Would stay again and would recommend it friends. C. Sapka 
9269 Not sure the previous commenter stayed at the same hotel I did. This place is great. Wonderful, spacious rooms, kitchens, beautiful lobby, restaurant and bar. Very friendly and accommodating staff. Took care of us from check -in to check-out flawlessly. I will definitely stay again. 
9270 Absolutely wonderful, great service, nice amenities,. 
9271 Kind of nice view (35th floor), very VERY small room (we use the chiepest one, but price was about 200). Location is also quite ok for the tourists. But as for me I'd stay upper north next time 
9272 1. VERY rude crew 2. not that clean 3. HORRIBLE bed 
9273 I was in Houston visiting family, and they recommended I book here. I was not disappointed! Great service, friendly staff. My only complaint is that I should not have booked a single. It wasn't tiny, per say, but I could have used a little more room. 
9274 Thanks again embassy hotel I love coming to the hotel and enjoying everyone but I'm and big food person so me and family love visiting the cook there he has an great smile and nice thumbs up to chef james thanks to the hotel staff. 
9275 Had one complaint, i got charged 25.00 for each room i booked on my credit card. without any explination. I would like to know why. It was paid for before i left on my credit card. what was the 25.00 fee for? 
9276 albergo assolutamente al di sotto delle aspettative. Ambiente angusto e assolutamente trasandato. Servizio di pulizia praticamente inesistente. Buona la disponibilita'alla reception. Ottima la posizione centrale a: 2 min a piedi da Time Square, 5 min da Macy's, 2 min da due diverse linee metro 
9277 The service of the hotel is good. The location of the hotel is convenient. In general, the overall service is nice. 
9278 I feel reluctant to write a review for this great hotel, as I always want to be able to stay there! It is friendly, especially if you're travelling alone, and the guests are also similarly friendly as a result. 
9279 hotel muy bien ubicado,muy comodo con salon con sofa cama ,dormitorio y cocina,super cerca dde muhos lugares para visitr estuvimos muy contentos de haber estado alli. volveremos 
9280 great value with a massive room, walk in closet, large bathroom and a great location too boot would stay there again 
9281 I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel right after it opened and I was highly impressed! The decor is smart, modern, and beautiful. The staff was extremely welcoming and helpful. I look forward to my next stay at this hotel. 
9282 Rooms are very small, but clean. Housekeeping staff was very accommodating. The whole experience was fine even though the hotel is under construction. 
9283 easy to get to, great location, quiet surroundings, courteous staff, clean rooms, We asked for late check out - .receptionist quick answer: no problem.. Very pleased with our stay! 
9284 First time staying in this part of NYC....nice new property with a great vibe/ atmosphere. Booked through Tablet Hotels. 
9285 Our stay in NY delighted us and we appreciated the excellent location of the PC. We appreciated the services of Mrs Gilma Donado who took care of our room and we liked the very helpful attitude of Mr. Saleem at the reception desk. Thank you. 
9286 Pricing on-par for top hotels in New York, worth every penny to me. Quiet elegance inside for escaping the activity of outside. 
9287 Centrally located, within walking distance of shopping, restaraunts, and public transportation. Room was clean and comfortable. The Starbuck's in the lobby was also convenient. Overall, a great stay! Staff graciously accommodated both an early check-in and a late check-out. Would definitely stay again. 
9288 This is a great hotel. The staff is very friendly and helpful, and the rooms are very spacious and comfortable. The free WiFi is an added bonus. A free breakfast would be nice. I definitely recommend this hotel. 
9289 The hotel has a great location, it is possible to go walking to many attractions. The staff was very helpful and the room was very comfortable! 
9290 This hotel is one of the best hotels in new York by far. The hospitality you get as soon as you walk in the loby, is incredible. Best hotel experience ever. 
9291 The Millenium Plaza ,One United Nations, is an excellent hotel for views.Just got back and stayed on the fortieth floor !! Hotel is spotless, rooms are big, and whilst it is a bit further out this means the hotel is very quiet. 
9292 Stayed here one night. Fancy place, fridge in room. Spacious, comfy bed! My only complaint is the fact that there was no microwave in the entire hotel that could be used by guests. 
9293 This was a lovely small hotel, in a central location (just off theatre district) great for exploring Manhattan. Rooms were tiny, but when in New York, there isn't much point staying in your hotel room! Helpful concierge who suggested a fantastic steak restaurant - Ben Benson's Steak House. 
9294 Terrific location. Very clean room that appeared to have been updated recently, including crisp linens, very clean bathroom, flat screen TV. Friendly/helpful staff. Small room, but its NYC - you're only in the room to sleep/shower. 
9295 This was a great hotel. The staff was fabulous, the room very clean, the location awesome. Can't say enough about how great this hotel was to stay at. Will definitely stay there again. 
9296 The Affinia Manhattan is located right in the center of the city, directly across from Madison Square Garden. It offers old world charm in a contemporary boutique style hotel. Very comfortable and extremely clean at a very affordable price. Renovated with a contemporary look and a home-like feel. 
9297 Horrible, las habitaciones son un ASCO. El bano horrible, sucio. La cama colchon duro, almohadas duras, mal olientes, las paredes abombadas con humedad, el techo se cae, paredes sucias. Me parece una falta de respeto hacia el huesped, ofrecer una habitacion tan horrible, por un valor tan alto. 
9298 Room was good-sized. Service awesome. Right near the subway and theater district. Will definitely come back! 
9299 Great location...attentive staff..clean rooms...Very quiet .no street noises...Breakfast in 540Park better than the normal hotel fare....2 closets one a walk-in..lighting could be better and bathroom hotwater hard to regulate.... 
9300 Very good loation and nice area easy to walk in the area for eating or some shopping. Very clean. Very comfortable. 
9301 I forgot a number of items in the room, and they were shipped to me less than a week later. Fantastic customer service! 
9302 The location one block East of Michigan Avenue is convenient to shopping and good to great restaurants. Some rooms can be a bit on the small size and you sometimes feel like you have to squeeze into the bathroom, but it works for me and my husband. 
9303 We had the most wonderful stay at the Barclay. From the bartenders to the hotel manager, everyone was professional, friendly and attentive. The place is simply elegant. We will most definitely be back! 
9304 I was at Metro Hotel during this summer. I think it's really one of the secret of New York. The room were clean and quite large for 2 people, but the cherry on the cake is the breakfast, a big continental buffet with deliciouse baggles and croissant. 
9305 The Metro is located in the heart of Chicago's Greek Town. The restaurants in this neighborhood are some of the best in the country. Dine is also a great place to meet and unwind. Great bartenders whip up some excellent cocktails...a must stop! 
9306 in the windy city ,this is a very good place.amazing rooms and service.everything is a walking distance .An absolute must for business trio as ease with which you can conduct and schedule meetings here is unbeatable. Good decor and impishly modern 
9307 Quite big rooms for NY standards and clean. The breakfast was not something great or even average. The location was quite central and the free wifi was very good connection too! I just found the toiletries inadequate since they do not smell nice at all. 
9308 Spent five days in NYC over 4th of July weekend. My sons, ages 5 and 9 were super impressed with tthe W, as were the grown-ups. Absolutely no complaints! Staff was wonderful! 
9309 Nice location. We had a 2 bedroom suite. This was a great choice for my uncle, myself and my 2 daughters. It would be nice if the internet fees were not so high, but a short walk to the Starbucks kept my oldest from internet withdrawal. 
9310 Bathrooms are very small with hardly no storage and room has a tiny dresser with three small drawers. Internet kept shutting down which was frustrating. They did let us check out late on our last day which was great and we got a night free for staying three 
9311 Location wasn't great, the adjoining mall was very basic and had average shops. Only 5minute walk to Macy's though. Room was stylish and well appointed. Staff very helpful. Hotel atmosphere was nice. 
9312 surprisingly quiet and great location. the bed was so comfortable, very nice expereince. Lobby leaves alot to be desired, but service and concierge was fine. would stay again 
9313 Sono stato al Park Central con mia moglie,e' un buon Hotel e logisticamente perfetto,entrale e ti permette di arrivare facilmente nei posti piu' belli ed importanti della Grande Mela.....Il prezzo e' buono contando che e' e situato al centro della citta'. 
9314 The hotel was very clean and all the people were very polite 
9315 Brittney ( Sales manager ) did a great job of takin care of our resevations and makin everything run smooth. 
9316 Econo Lodge, a simple but cosy hotel, was our best (and cheapest) option to feel and live Times Square! No, you won't be treated exclusively, but, for its price, you'll feel like a VIP in an easy ambiance with friendly and helpfull staff! We'll be back: that's for sure! Ourtravelingwithoutmoving.wordpress.com 
9317 Terrible hotel Stuff unfriendly (especially the lady in the afternoon shift in the front desk), bathroom not clean, 3 days later I'm still scratching from fleas bits. Bedding were dirty, a/c made such a horrible noise. The only good thing was the location 
9318 Everyone was very friendly,location was great. Lobby bar was great to relax and get away from the crowds.Room was clean and quiet!!! Bathroom had all the personal touches and great terry robe.Great place to stay.......... 
9319 Allure van Park Avenue zonder overdreven gedoe. Kamers zijn goed, badkamer klein, maar voldoende. Staf en bediening zijn vriendelijk. De bar is niet echt gezellig, maar er is genoeg in de buurt voor wie buiten het hotel iets wil eten of drinken. 
9320 Hotel was ok, but a little noisy. Rooms were nice, and beds comfortable. I did not have the included breakfast, as there was some deal where you got a ticket and went somewhere else to eat. 
9321 My husband and I spent a week in the Gansevoort in Lower Manhattan. Really nice and a fantastic location. The staff are helpful and friendly. Loads of restaurants and a great beer garden nearby! 
9322 the hotel was clean and good at the price they charge 
9323 but the old man who met me was not friendly. they ask refundable deposit and when he was asking it was like an order. 
9324 placement moyen. mais chambre nulle moche, proprete de la salle de bain suspecte 
9325 personnel limite enorme hotel type usine. tout est payant wi fi business center parking hors de prix 53 dollars pour un SUV, personnel pas tres sympa. je suis alle a new york ds des hotel vraiement mieux 
9326 Have stayed 5 times this year. Each time gets better and better,. When comparing prices you are not going to find a better deal that offers comfort, location and attention. Try a Litlle restaurant called LA VINOTERIA, a hblock away from the Hotel on 55th. Its great. 
9327 could not fault this hotel, fab location, staff and service... will definitely stay there again 
9328 Echt een toeristenhotel. Qua ligging prima, maar voor ons te touristish. Kamer klein en vieze muren. Douche goed en schoon, beddengoed ook fris. Persoonlijk zou ik er niet meer naar toe gaan, maar raadt het ook niet echt af. 
9329 The Whitehall is a good basic hotel, recently renovated providing clean well furnished rooms. Two downsides, internet charges for an inferior system and elevator service that is inadequate. Don't expect frills like restaurants, but a good clean experience that is often a great buy. 
9330 Well, it's a big hotel in need of renovation, but the location is good and the rooms are quite comfortable. The reception staff was surprisingly attentive, especially reception manager Rita. Considering NY prices, it's a reasonable value. Perfect for a business traveller. 
9331 This historic building is awesome. The place is clean and the rooms are clean. Kinda reminds you of those old black and white movies. The staff is friendly and helpful. Love it! 
9332 Friendly staff. Clean. Easy self park. Most importantly, right across the street from the Galleria and a bit pricey as a result. 
9333 Booked this before it was refurbished as a hotel, got great rate. Was not disappointed nicely decorated very clean, good location, very pleasant staff, nice room decent size. Don't drink too much though, bar prices are high. Some excellent deli's nearby for good breakfasts and lunches. 
9334 I stay at the Alden every time I travel to Houston. Great location. Nice rooms that are very comfortable. Great staff that are eager to help out. I would recommend the Alden to the business traveler as well as the tourist or someone wanting to go to the ball game. 
9335 This was our second stay at the Westin. We were upgraded to a beautiful corner room looking at the Empire State bldg. a very very clean upscale hotel with immaculate service. This will be our go to place to stay in NYC. 
9336 This hotel is excellent. This was our fourth stay and all have been great. A special thanks to Brenda at the front desk for her help and great attitude! 
9337 It was a good location for the reason I was in town. The elevators were not always functioning. The room was not the best value for the cost based on the age and repair need of the building. 
9338 3 nights on business travel. Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful (my first time in the area) in orienting me re places to eat and generally getting around. Hotel is very well located near the highway. 
9339 Great location, rooms are very clean, a bit small but larger then some hotels we have stayed in Manhattan. The bar was bustling, bartender was awesome, the sushi was excellent, best we have had in a long time. Will definately stay again! 
9340 Hotel in posizione centrale. Arredamento minimo (manca l'armadio), cambio asciugami giornaliero: nel complesso pulito e buono per chi deve solo dormire. 
9341 Every thing was great from checking in to the checking out. The welcome this place gives you at checking in is one if the best I have had, and I have stayed at alot of hotels. Great place, I would highly recommend this place to anyone. 
9342 Customer service is so bad. If you need anything for your room don't ecpect to get any help. 
9343 Good size room, serviceable as a place to stay, but not a particularly comfortable or inviting room environment. Very hard bed, chairs for working at table were in terrible shape, and TV was old and had pretty poor reception. 
9344 Pros: Comfy beds, yummy cookies, great breakfast buffet, friendly staff, clean, quiet, library on the 2nd floor Cons: Pricey valet, a bit of a weird smell in the lobby, & the pool area closes early We totally plan to stay here again! 
9345 The room is elegant. Staffs are extremely helpful and nice. Concierge is helpful as well. Great location and very quiet. Drinks at the bar are very good. Its a pity that we didn't have time for the breakfast. Will definitely one back. 
9346 had a 4 night stay here. Room very comfy, staff helpful and polite, restaurant excellent. My one grumble though, for a high end hotel that has everything you could possibly need, it lacks the one thing that most people want, and thats coffee/tea making facilities.. 
9347 Me parecio un hotel con todas las comodidades para una estadia placentera, buena ubicacion, detalles de decoracion, excelente cama, muy amable atencion y un precio razonable. 
9348 I have been there with my kids...very great location,clean and great service.. 
9349 Just returned from a weeks stay and it was an excellent experience. Friendly staff, clean and quiet room close to Time Square. I would definately recommend this place. 
9350 We had a great stay in this quite new Hotel. Good location in Tribeca/Soho. Will stay there again. 
9351 Great location and room for a great value.Will be back! 
9352 The rooms were clean, modern, and nicely decorated, but were a bit small. Our view was not so great, and the room could be a bit noisy, but overall I would recommend the hotel to others. 
9353 Very hip, cool decor, great shower, quality furnishings, cool lobby, very friendly front desk staff, close to River North action. Only the room size was an issue, but the rooms are actually very efficiently laid out. 
9354 The hotel is in a good location for my second visit to New York. the room was over all very clean and got cleaned every day like it should be. I found the staff very helpful for the most part 
9355 No restaurant in the evening Hugh noise from AC No minibar No curtains to get room dark Flimmering television Not value for money 
9356 This hotel is wonderfully located if you need to be north of the river, and the hotel is wonderful. Fast checkin, nice rooms. Would stay again. 
9357 This hotel is well located a few blocks south of Central Park. You can also walk to Broadway and many restaurants from this location. Prices are moderate (for New York) and the staff is very helpful. 
9358 We zijn 8 dagen in New York geweest en we vonden het verblijf daar geweldig. Voor de kinderen was het de eerste keer en de stad is erg bij hun in de smaak gevallen. We hebben wat uitzonderlijke dingen mogen meemaken. 
9359 Excellent location, walking distrance to all attractions New York has to offer Friendly staff and comfortable beds TV's could be a little larger 
9360 I'm not going to say much other than this was perhaps the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. Rude staff, incredibly gross rooms (the mattresses are ON THE FLOOR). Just beat up, old, and not even worthy of one star. Location is good if you are tourist. That's about it. 
9361 Toilets don't flush properly, annoying loud speaker and LCD screen in th lift will drive you crazy. 
9362 We found the staff very helpful and the room was clean and very pleasant. The bed made a big impression. It was centrally located for all sightseeing especially the shopping experience. We would heartly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York. Great Value for Money 
9363 I've stayed at the Omni Berkshire several times and it is always a good, reliable hotel. The newly upgraded rooms are nice. Staff are helpful and bar is a fun (but pricey) place to grab a drink. It is my go to in NYC. 
9364 Wonderful location, nice clean rooms, friendly & helpfull staff. will definitely be returning for another visit. Concierge was fantastic in advice and deals. Mathew-the doorman always gave a frindly greeting and was most helpful on checkut day. ***** 
9365 I love the affinia hotels experience, with the pillow menu. But there is no free WiFi, for God's sake we live in 2010. 
9366 estraordinaria localizacao,servico de primeira,funcionarios preparados,quartos grandes e com acomodacoes perfeitas,precos razoaveis,perto de quase todas as grandes atracoes;broadway,times square,,central park, rokfeller center,5a ave;6a ave;7a ave,hilton;,trump center,varios restaurantes de primeira na 55th street,um dos melhores bares de N.York o Rudolph's no proprio hotel. 
9367 I stay regularly for business. The staff remember me and make me feel welcome. Shout out to Kevin R, Ronald, and Jackie at the front desk for always making my stay so pleasant. 
9368 Stayed for several days with grandkids. Fantastic expeerience. Front desk upgraded us to a larger available room. Fantastic city and park views, 2 bathrooms, excellent in room dining service, and the pool on roof which got visited every day - great morning aquasize class; singing Bellman (really funny with grands). 
9369 Stayed 1 night, got great deal off priceline. Very friendly staff and easy airport access 
9370 Really clean and tidy. Nothing amazing but perfectly nice and good locationn 
9371 Brief trip through with one night stay. Shuttle pick up worked well. Rapid check and escort to room. Good breakfast. 
9372 Very nice hotel, especially for the price. The people were nice but you do have to sign a "no partying" clause. 
9373 Small, quiet and very comfortable hotel. Wonderful bed and shower. Great location! 
9374 Stayed in the Tudor last week (w/b 23 March) and have no complaints whatsoever. the hotel is perfectly situated for exploration on foot - Chrysler Building, Grand Central and Times Square all within a short walk. Room was great. Only complaint is the very expensive breakfast so eat out! 
9375 Stayed here with my wife for one evening for my birthday. Great location...right in the center of all attractions. Amazing customer service...great, clean rooms...well furnished. Will come back soon..... 
9376 I was entirely impressed with the food, service, and staff. A perfect hotel location with great restaurants and entertainment at your feet or on the rooftop. Amazing decor and good size rooms. 
9377 This is a good serviceable city hotel. The rooms are decent size for NYC and surprisingly sound proof. But really, nothing special. 
9378 The hotels location. was great in the middle of everything. Staff was friendly when asked a question. Loved that they kept our bags for us even though we had to check out so we could still sightseer until our bus left. 
9379 My stay was made exta special because of a member of their staff Jenny who made my stay special! Location next to Penn Station and MSQ Garden. Larger room then typical nyc room. 
9380 Beautiful hotel. Great beds and pillows. For the price of the room, they should provide tea or coffee and news paper in the room. 
9381 Great Location, heart of New York business district. Comfortable stay albeit at a steep price. Basic services but convenient location pays for the flips. Recommended stay if one is traveling for business in Manhattan or downtown New York and obviously can afford the room rate 
9382 This was a great deal. Fabulous location, near Central Park. Easy to get to from JFK on the subway. 
9383 I would recommend this hotel for its very central location, clean nice rooms and friendly staff. Times Square is a 30 second walk away! Great hotel! 
9384 Everything was excellent. Breakfast was amazingly well organized! Nice to be able to have storage for bags. People were very helpful in answering our questions. I would recommend the hotel highly! It was especially nice to find a hotel with 2 separate beds for my woman friend and I. 
9385 Very nice hotel,Very elegant lobby.Rooms are tasteful and elegant with comfortable beds and pillows.Staff was courteous but NOT extremely friendly.Good deal on Priceline for $110/ nt. 
9386 Clean, comfortable hotel, helpful staff. My first visit to NY, hotel in great location. My only complaint was the $14.95/day charge for wifi in your room when it is free in the lobby. 
9387 Very disappointed in the hotel. For $162/night before taxes not much to off as far as the room is concerened. Small rooms and showing it's age badly. Won't stay there again no matter how early my flight is. 
9388 Excellent location to Chinatown. Little Italy and Soho area. The Double room is small but very serviceable and confortable. The staff is ery friendly and helpful. 
9389 great location and close to every where... very friendly team.It is not cheap but definitely right choise if you compare with the taxi costs.. there is no restaurant facility during our stay but you will have a lot of options in 200 meters.. 
9390 It's easy to stroll on Broadway any time from this hotel... You don't need a taxi to go around ..A step from all you need from New York... 
9391 This is the nicest Hilton I've been to. Full of character and history but renovated at some point in the modern era. Beautiful decor, excellent Executive Floor, excellent service, reasonable price point. Overall, a great hotel in the city. 
9392 great location. rooms are indeed small, but why would you stay in your room when you have the whole city to explore? shared baths are kept immaculately clean. great hotel for the price. 
9393 Fantastic hotel in a perfect location. Rooms were perfect size for two people sharing. All staff where really helpful and polite. Brilliant roof top bar with fabulous cocktails especially the sexy sexys! A def must try!!! 
9394 The hotel was great, good location and newly refurbished. The club on the roof is amazing great crowd, thanks to the promoter at the door, Alex and his staff do a fantastic job! The view is spectacular!!! Great time, thank you. 
9395 Terrible customer service, overbooked on rooms, flat out lying. Lots of better more reliable hotels nearby. 
9396 The room was very clean, new, modern. The bathroom was excellent. 
9397 Stayed here in May of this year for 5 nights. It is a beautiful hotel in the perfect location. Service was second to none and our room was outstanding. You will pay for the pleasure but it was more than worth it! 
9398 I would definitely stay here again. Rooms small but very new and up to date. Great linens, amenities, high tech gadgets. 
9399 I had a wonderful stay at the sun suites. I am esther rios and d. thompson in room302. The management and faculity were wonderful service and you all have a nice facility.Thank you .. 
9400 Great hotel in fantastic location. Room was great. Staff very friendly and accomodating, especially reception and door staff. Would highly recommend to vistors to Manhattan. Would certainly book this hotel again. Good value. 
9401 alles ok in dit rustig gelegen hotel vlak bij Times square; een aanrader 
9402 Vicino alla metropolitana e due passi da central park. Quartiere tranquillo con tutti i tipi di servizi (ristoranti di tutti i tipi, negozi e due supermercati aperti 24h). Personale gentile. Bellissima terrazza panoramica all'ultimo piano. Lo consiglio sicuramente. 
9403 My family of 5 stayed here the weekend of December 14th,2006. We had penthouse 'B', a beautiful room with lots of space and full kitchen. Staff was friendly and very responsive. Location was near all the best christmas sites. we'll be back for sure. 
9404 I have lived and stayed in NY for the last 35 years and have not hjave this experinece almost fourhundred dollars for a one room one person stay Even thoug I changed room after compains it still was a room that was very shabby toweks threthbare lights not workimg etcetc.... 
9405 This is a very modern, yet warm and welcoming hotel. The rooms are large and quiet and every hotel staff member we encountered was friendly and helpful. The evening wine hour was nice. This hotel exceeded all of my expectations. 
9406 Locatie is perfect, dichtbij Times Square. Kamers waren erg warm, bedden iets te hard. Badkamer eenvoudig. Wel schoon en geen lawaai-overlast. Personeel vriendelijk. Ontbijt prima. Je kunt je koffer gratis en bewaakt achterlaten zodat je op de dag van vertrek nog even de stad in kunt... 
9407 Nice cheap hotel..you do get some very nice friendly travellers at this hotel...1 friendly staff.(Algerian one)...rooms are too small..my size 10 shoe box is bigger....room 304... creaky heater..window open..nice friendly environment..i liked the hostel..if your on budgets & ting..go for it....safe ALK wrote this 
9408 We selected this hotel based on the abundance of positive reviews and were not disappointed. The nyma offers a great travel value and is centrally located for a fun visit to New York City. Our kudos to the management and staff of this fine property! 
9409 Good location, clean, funky decor, friendly staff.....But rooms are so small. Not just small (even by my european standards) but claustrophobically so. Really just a place to bed down for the night. Was fine for the 1 night stay we had, but wouldn't be keen to spend a week there. 
9410 This is a great hotel! My husband had surgery at MD Anderson and our stay at the Downtown Embassy Suites was superb. The staff were caring and compassionate, very accomadating. They made sure our needs were met from special dietary requests to transportation needs. I highly recommend this hotel 
9411 The Hudson Hotel is in an excellent area and stylish. The staff was wonderful and helpful. The rooms are small but very comfortable and clean. If I were planning a long stay I would have the bellmen store my empty luggage. 
9412 I loved the location of this hotel. The rooms are a bit small but clean and comfortable. It sucks that the only complimentary wifi is in the lobby and you have to pay $10 to use it in your room. So, the wifi area in the lobby is always packed. 
9413 Everything was great in this business hotel except they did not have a coffee machine in the room. I think this is something always needed in any type of the hotel. The location is very nice in the hart of the historic old New Amsterdam. 
9414 It's a very nice hotel with close distance to everything. The room is very spacious for manhattan and very clean. Staffs are very friendly and free breakfast is a plus. Highly recommended 
9415 This very clean, small hotel is on a quiet street with a large variety of shops, restaurants, groceries, and transportation (bus as well as subway) in a two to three block area. 
9416 We all loved this hotel. Fantatic comfortable beds, friendly, helpful, courteous staff, clean. Everything was just great here. Free coffee in reception in the morning and free wine in the evening. 
9417 Great spacy appartment, very nice and friendly people at the reception, actually all personnel was more than friendly. 
9418 Rooms were clean and well kept; because our room faced away from street, also quiet, very nice. Only complaint was the 2-bed room was MINISCULE and difficult for two people to move around in. 
9419 visited in 2002 and were treated fabulously. Upgraded to a suite on concierge level and there was wine/strawberries in the room. It perhaps is an "old world" type of hotel but it sure is classy and we would return any time. 
9420 This was a great location - out of the craziness of Times Square. There are limited amenities except the 24 hr free coffee but the rooms are clear and spacious for NYC and convenient to the theater, Bryant Park, Penn Station and 5th Ave. 
9421 Verblijf was op zich ok, maar mijn kamer was te dicht bij icemachine die zeer luidruchtig was. Dit maakte het slapen en daardoor het verblijf op de kamer minder aangenaam. Mvg. Patrick Van de Vorst 
9422 We have a pleasent stay at hotel 
9423 We recomended in the front desk atention a Latoya and Jennifer (who speak in spanish) In other matters provided assistance for us Sal, Sam and Kris. Thanks , yours sincerely Silvia Pfeifer and Jorge Szejer silviaszejer@yahoo.com.ar / jsestudio@ciudad.com.ar Buenos Aires Argentina 
9424 Great location with incredible views of the Hudson River, Empire State Building and the Brooklyn Bridge. Very close to shops and subways.I stayed at the hotel for a number of weeks and the service made me feel as if I were the only one there. I highly recommend this hotel. 
9425 Consider this hotel only if you like - no hot water; stained and ripped carpet; a toilet that clogs; rust on the shower head; soiled upholstery on fabric. Seriously, I will never stay at this location again. 
9426 Good location, relatively local to MSG where we went to see Metallica in concert. Great central area for sightseeing midtown, close to Penn Station and MTA Subway access. Clean room, very comfortable bed. 
9427 We were able to sight see, shop, eat and be in a perfect location 
9428 Great historic hotel. Big rooms. Pool is under renovation. Great MJ steakhouse and wine bar in hotel. 
9429 I have been staying here for business off and on for the past 10 months. I would not dream of staying anywhere else in the Houston area. The Homewood staff is very friendly and courteous and anytime I have an issue they make sure to fix it right away. 
9430 Fabulous stay at this hotel. Great location, room layout terrific and staff so welcoming and helpful. It has made our stay very memorable. Would recommend to others. Subway connections right at the door and central for all sightseeing activities. Definitely a recommendation to others. 
9431 Second time at the Warwick, this time in October of 2011. Rooms are relatively spacious, nicely appointed, friendly staff. Great location on 54th and 6th. Only downer was poor service at breakfast, staff seemed overwhelmed by breakfast crowd. Also thermostat wasn't working but staff fixed same day. Would stay again. 
9432 We usually stay at Embassy Suites but they are closed for renovations. This was our 1st visit but won't be our last. We were really happy with everything. As an added value, you are very close to the Halal Guys. I sincerely recommend this hotel. 
9433 Very comfy bed, lovely little dressing area, huge shower, large living room off the large bedroom. Very close to Times Square and Carnegie Hall. 
9434 I stayed here for business purposes. They stored my bags since I arrived early and stayed late. The rooms were very spacious by NYC standards and there are plenty of good restaurants within walking distance. 
9435 A very good hotel but no free wi fi in room or lobby.Spending $14 to access email for a few minutes is a poor note in this day and age. 
9436 We were there in August 2011 and it was a really good experience.The room was not big but confortable,the location is amazing just closed to the action...the hotel staff was very kind giving us an attent assistance...we will go back 
9437 House keeping very attentive rooms are large has desk area bathrooms don't gross me out 
9438 This hotel has a great location, a reasonable price by New York standards and a free continential breakfast. It is within walking distance of many of the tourist attractions. The rooms are not large but the beds are very comfortable. It was a great place to stay! 
9439 Sometimes you should splurge on the finer things. Chanmpagne, Caviar, and wonderfully decadent hotels. The Waldorf Astoria fits this description. Stunning rooms await you at this landmark hotel. Spent a romantic weekend with my husband. Simply splendid. 
9440 siamo stati a new york a giugno prima tappa del nostro viaggio di nozze,l albergo e in una posizione centralissima adiacente a time square ,e il classico hotel di citta con camere nella norma niente di speciale 
9441 It's difficult to add to the wonderful reviews already posted about the Casablanca. I can only say "Me,too" to the ratings of people who enjoyed their stays. I do want to compliment the concierge who searched doggedly for a restaurant whose name and location we could only partially remember. 
9442 For me location, friendliness and price are the three most important cconsiderations..... The travel agent messed up but the hotel staff sorted it out in a friendly and professional manner. What more can I say 
9443 travel inn comodo x dislocazione,pulizia,nn ha la colazione ed internet costa 2 dollari x 10 minuti, ed con il wifi 6 dollari x 24 ore, ma ha la piscina ( se interessa) ed in camera nn ha il microonde 
9444 Noisy hallways and unfriendly attitude from hotel staff. 
9445 we were worried by some reviews but it was unfounded, staff were fabulous, check in quick and rooms huge.the breakfast is the deal of the century so check it out, you won'y be dissapointed. really great location near central park, time square and subway.we'll be staying here again! 
9446 Great hotel and location, rooms great and staff , what more !!! 
9447 We loved the New York Palace. It is well named. We would highly recommend it. All the staff were friendly and helpful. The room was big and clean and the bed was very comfortable. The location is very central. We would definitely stay there again. 
9448 These people work hard to please you. Never have I had a bad stay with them. I travel with a little dog,and La Quinta doesn't charge extra for him. Plus they have a nice breakfast. Try them, you'll like it. 
9449 i was pleasantly surprised to find a good size apartment for me and my kids staff were extremely helpful and friendly room was clean and comfortable the hotel is dated but for value it is excellent 
9450 The front desk manager was very attentive to our needs from room type to special requests. The check-in staff, valet, room service were all great as well. 
9451 The Houston Hyatt was listening when someone said location, location, location. Too bad they were not listening to the lesson about updated and clean bathrooms. Nasy bathroom.. really? Hyatt is suppose to be a quality hotel chain. This property is not meeting that standard. Marriott has nothing to worry about. 
9452 Eenvoudig maar prima hotel. Goede ligging. goede prijs kwaliteit verhouding. Elke dag netjes schoongemaakt. Slecht uitzicht maar dan kom je ook niet voor. Je bent toch de hele dag op pad. Zou het dus weer doen. Tip: kom in mei. we hadden perfect weer. 
9453 We select this hotel because the location and the price. We have a none smoking double queen bad room. This is a big room with a good bathroom. The breakfast was good and not expensive. We enjoy our stay in this hotel 
9454 Great hotel, very clean, good sized rooms, quit rooms, great breakfast selection. only a short walk to central park and about 20-30 mins to times sqaure. Only pronlem i had was the elevators are very slow. Well worth the money 
9455 We've stayed at The Berkshire before and this hotel is one of our favorite. The location, rooms and staff are all wonderful. And just as advertised. Sign up with Omni and enjoy free WI-fi and room upgrades. 
9456 This hotel is centrally located, has great rooms (plus plenty of fresh towels too) and is reasonably priced- what more do you need?!! ooh plus free wifi was a big plus too! I will definitely be staying here again if I'm lucky enough to return to NYC 
9457 We spent a week at the Sofitel New York and really enjoyed the location, room and staff. The restaurants surrounding are outstanding and it's really close to great shopping on 5th Ave 
9458 The price is too high comparing to the quality of the room! People at front desk are so rude! Everything in this hotel is poor quality!! Terrible terrible terrible terrible I will never come back!!!!! 
9459 really loved the Royalton! Cool, classy and obviously somewhere the locals go.. Room was modern, clean and big for new York.. Would def go back.. Great value and nice staff 
9460 The warmth, coziness and the friendly staff makes it a great hotel. It's location is attractive as it's only couple of blocks from Central Park/Columbus Circle. Though a little pricey, but worth it completely. Only caution is on the size of the rooms. 
9461 Super Lage, direkt am Broadway. Preis - Leistung top 
9462 Left cereal and granola bars on top of the desk (computer desk). The next morning the wrappers had been shredded and the bars chewed. RATS! Bathroom and floors dirty and much dust. 
9463 great location, basic rooms, can get cold in room, a bit loud at night (but hey - it's in Manhattan! ;-) and the staff is mostly friendly with a few exceptions. 
9464 Booking this hotel was the best mistake I ever made. Perfect no-fuss New York stay. 
9465 I stayed here 10 days around Sep 11 2011. Great hotel - friendly staff - great location. Can only recommend this place and would happily stay here again 
9466 The room was very spacious and clean. We arrived before check-in time and the staff allowed us to check in early. I love the new makeover of the La Quinta chains.The breakfast was light & just right!! 
9467 The staff at check-in were extremely helpful and courteous and the Room Service was excellent both in the food delivered and the fact that they called me to let me know that one item I had ordered was not available and suggested a replacement 
9468 We stayed two nights at this property. The staff was very pleasant. We dealt mostly with the Concierge desk and Doorman for assistance and everyone was always friendly and helpful. The room was very cleaned. Would recommend 
9469 I stayed here for my first trip to Chicago. This hotel is in an awesome location. We stayed in a room that gave us an excellent view. Simply beautiful. Makes me want to go back. The service was excellent and the hotel is affordable. 
9470 This is a very nice hotel and is just a few blocks from Central Park. The beds were comfortable and clean, the bathroom small, but adequate. I would highly recommend the Wellington. 
9471 Me and my wife took a vacation to east coast. stayed at this hotel for 4 days. very remote locatoin, and clean rooms. the elevator was out of order, but it dint bother us. we will stay here again. 
9472 All I can do is say what everyone else has said on here. This is a beautiful hotel, in a great location, with a fantastic desk staff. It'll be my first choice of places to stay in NYC from now on. 
9473 Posizione comoda, albergo nella media, personale abbastanza cordiale. Le camere sono pulite, spaziose e luminose, ma assolutamente spoglie. Prezzo decisamente sotto la media, cosa che lo rende un'ottima scelta ! Colazione continentale molto ricca 
9474 The Hilton New York has become our home away from home. The staff is consistently pleasant and courteous, making this large establishment feel much more like a boutique hotel. We love it!!! 
9475 The best hotel I have ever stayed in NYC! Perfect room, very nice A/C & Bath. Staff very helpful!!! Hurricane Irene not affected our comfort and the Ben was ready to face any problem!! Sure will return!!! Congratulations to all!! 
9476 Nice location and we had a very quiet room. Breakfast included is pretty average but great service. Near to the shopping and plenty of bars and restaurants. Rooms have small kitchen and built in robes. 
9477 We couldn't have asked for a better locations for shops, food and proximity to the subway. The room was clean, turn down service each night, and the staff couldn't have been more accommodating. Will definitely be back! 
9478 A real quaint boutique European style hotel across the street from the Museum of Natural History. Right on the subway line. Next door to where Seinfeld, McEnroe, Stossel, Pandit live. 
9479 The Warwick has become our 'home away from home" This recently, December..was our fifth visit to this property and we continue to be amazed at the OUTSTANDING service that the ENTIRE staff provides..from doorman...bellman...front desk.....housekeeping...Randolphs barmen......Angela Calebrese is a gem....thank you everyone for a once again outstanding visit and experience. 
9480 Everyone--from the staff behind the desk to the ladies cleaning my room--were very accommodating and courteous. Great location. Rooms were a bit spartan, but clean, spacious, with a nice work area. For the modest price, an excellent value. 
9481 Have had multiple stays at this hotel. Rooms are nice and clean. Beds are really good. And Staff was very friendly and nice. 
9482 Brought grandchildren to see July 4th Fireworks on the Hudson - we could have seen them from our gorgeous room! $180 - 5 star - in NYC - are you kidding!!! It was spectacular. Gramma and Grampa are heroes! 
9483 This hotel has a great location in Midtown. You can walk to abundant shopping, theaters and unlimited restaurants. The room was very comfortable. The Fireside Bar was very inviting with good drinks and small bites. The service was great! 
9484 We've now stayed here 3 times and it gets better every time. The location is superb, and the hotel itself is excellent. The rooms are spacious and stylish, the staff are very helpful, the breakfast is great. We intend to continue visiting! 
9485 I have to tell you that my room does not have an air-conditioner! Just only a fan we have!! Plus, the bathroom was so dirty. Pay more money and go elsewhere ... !! 
9486 I don't think I've ever had better service at a hotel. Perfect location in a great neighborhood. Walked to restaurants and the Park. Wine and snacks on the rooftop terrace was just wonderful! 
9487 Alles aan dit hotel klopt. Peninsula behoort tot de absolute top in de Hotelwereld. Pas op met de minst dure kamers, die grenzen allemaal aan de achterkant en zijn zeer lawaaiig door aanwezigheid van de daar geplaatste airco units en afzuiginstallaties. 
9488 Not my favorite W experience...but not a bad one by any stretch. It's what you might expect from a W - swanky decor, groovy bar, delicious food and well appointed. Worth the stay. 
9489 The service was exceptional but the room was small and we had to call for a privacy curtain for the bathroom. The location is ideal. Parking is $65 per day which should be expected in NYC. 
9490 Spent one night. Brand new, extra clean...felt like I was the first person to stay in my room. Features a full-size fridge and a dishwasher. Very nice, glad I found it (through TripAdvisor, of course!). Very friendly staff. 
9491 Rooms are small, good, clean hotel, nice lobby and bar, would recommend for a good rate. 
9492 Fabulous hotel. Attentive hotel staff. Very convenient location. So-So- food and room service. Very expensive---If my memory serves me right I paid $8.00 for a cup of coffee. I would stay there again but not eat or drink there. 
9493 We had a nice view of the river. We could here the room next door. A mistake was made and we were charged for valet parking. The front desk staff quickly resolve this issue upon check out. Overall a very nice stay. 
9494 Great hotel, very clean! very nice and modern and the staff was great we stayed for a week and I would deff recommend it. Reasonable price and a great location. 
9495 This hotel had a lot going on. Great people watching, great Chelsea location, very good restaurant and outstanding staff. The one drawback: the rooms are very small. 
9496 The young lady at the desk was very pleasant. The room was clean especially the bathroom. The good part was that the room did not smell like smoke this has been our experience at other hotels. 
9497 great design, great location! very comfortable bed and well appointed rooms 
9498 The Benjamin has been our favorite home away from home in NYC for many years. Our family LOVES the pillow menu! Unfortunately due to a steady increase in price and steady decline in the quality of customer service coupled with the deterioration of the premises we will not be returning. 
9499 The most accomodating, friendly and wonderful staff. The suites are nice & spacious with great work space and the hotel is located in a peaceful, green and wooded area of Houston. The suites & public areas are always very clean and well maintained. 
9500 Really top hotel which was in a great location. Search around for a cheap deal to make it worthwhile. Lovely hotel - very clean. Would come back in a heartbeat. The staff were lovely and very helpful. Definitely recommend. 
9501 Had a wonderful experience at this Hotel. Great location - near everything. All hotel personnel extremely helpful and friendly. Would definitely stay again! 
9502 very fine hotel on a fantastic location. Concierge very helpfull, all other personnell very good to. Extremely clean. no complaints at all. Equal to high end hotels in other major cities as Tokyo or Paris. Would definetely stay here again. 
9503 St Giles-Tuscany was a great location. The services was so prompt & friendly that we felt like we were Very Special! For women traveling alone, we felt very safe. Room was very large and good A/C with wonderful view of Chrysler Bldg. 
9504 Very pleased with the location and cost of hotel for a tourist in New York City. Unpretentious and "does exactly what it says on the box." I would recommend this hotel on basis of location and value for money. Breakfast basic but a great add on. Very happy customer. 
9505 I was welcomed at the street level door by very nice bellman. I then was greeted at the front desk by Roman....super nice guy. Since I was stay for 7 nights he put me in a nice suite. It made for a great stay. 
9506 Clean, spacious and stylish room. Great location. Very quiet. Nice breakfast. 
9507 The Marriot in NYC is fabulous. I've see a couple of Broadway shows inside the hotel, ate dinner there, and even spent a few nights there. I enjoyed it. I highly recommend this place for everyone of all ages. 
9508 The Sofitel is a beautiful hotel-very modern, clean, and European. The staff was very friendly, the room was spacious, the large bathroom was gorgeous. This hotel would be our top choice for another weekend in NYC! 
9509 Room clean, tidy, remarkably comfortable with good amenities for a relatively spartan quarter. Motif is perfect ; upscale but familiar with presidential theme. A great experience, priced right, perfect location 
9510 we stayed here for one week during christmas/new year 2010/2011. We got a very good deal for a one week stay regarding the perfect location and the quality of the room. I really recommend it if you are looking for an excellent quality/price ratio... 
9511 The hotel looks hip in the photos but it's aging badly. It's 60 degrees in our room and they tell me they can't turn on the heat. They brought a space heater but not exactly the accommodations I bought. View from the 21st floor is great but don't eat there. 
9512 Well located hotel on 5th ave, the room was clean but very small. Amenities were adequate and again location was great. Would recommend this hotel as a good base from which to explore midtown etc. Staff were welcoming and efficient. Was here during hurricane Sandy and they handled matters professionally. 
9513 We visited the hotel Lucerne for Christmas, we found it to be located close but far away from all of the hustle and bustle of New York, we had a two room sweet, it was very nice, and a very friendly staff. 
9514 Not a good choice. Go elsewhere. Anywhere. Noise. Bad lobby inadequate elevators. Bad expensive parking. 
9515 Great view from our room. Great service. Rooms could be a little larger...very comfortable bed! 
9516 Stayed here for a week on our honeymoon. Lovely hotel, couldn't fault it other than the fact that they blast the air conditioning in the foyer and it was freezing!!! Rooms were cleaned everyday, all in all I would recommend and I would stay here again! 
9517 Worse than your college dorm. I stay in NYC frequently and am completely disappointed in the room. Furniture is really beaten up. Walls thin. Good location but much better choices. Not at all the Weston brand. 
9518 Abbiamo passato 6 giorni presso questo hotel. PRO : - ottima posizione, vicino alla metro N,P,Q,R e a Central Park a pochi minuti a piedi da Times Square - Letto comodo CONTRO : - Pulizia in generale migliorabile - Ambienti un po' vecchiotti In generale lo consiglio. 
9519 Great stay, exceptional service, friendly & helpful staff/people, outstanding! This is where I will stay when ever I am next in New York City 
9520 My fiance booked a room for us an hour in advance and Louis and Ahmad did a great job with accommodating us and making sure our stay was far beyond or expectations. I will definitely be back. 
9521 Location, location, location... need we say more. Preferred property to the midtown CQ and service seemed to be a notch or two better. Would stay here again for proximity to everything NY. 
9522 We enjoyed our stay at the Warwick Hotel. Nice clean rooms, small but cute. Great location, close to Times Square, short walk to Rockefeller Plaza and close to Central Park! 
9523 SOY DE LEON GTO MEX HE VIAJADOA TODOS LOS CONTINENTES Y POR EL PRECIO QUE ME COBRARON QUE DE MUY SATISFECHO A COMPARACION DE OTROS HOTELES DE LA MISMA UBICACION EL HOTEL ESTA MUY BIEN ADEMAS DE LIMPIO Y BIEN UBICADO TODO PERO TODO MUY BIEN 
9524 From the front desk, to the concierge, to the wait staff to cleaning staff you will experience people who really act like your comfort is their only pleasure. 
9525 We chose this hotel using Trip Advisor recommendations. For the price, the room was clean,decent bed and bathroom, fresh coffee supplied and adequate continental breakfast.Staff very helpful and the location is excellent for a tourist in Manhattan. 
9526 sympatique hotel vraiment pas cher , en plus c'est au centre ville super cool 
9527 Super zentrales Hotel mit stylischem Interieur U-Bahn nur 1 Minute entfernt Blick auf den Times Square 5-8 Minuten zur 5th Avenue Personal sehr freundlich und hilfsbereit Alles sehr sauber und gepflegt 
9528 The price of this hotel was wonderful for what you received. The rooms and lobby are very modern and stylish. The location is ideal... close to everything in downtown Chicago. The staff was helpful and welcoming. The entire experience was excellent! 
9529 Het enige dat misschien beter had gekund was het geluid dat de airco produceerde. Geen airco is geen optie want zelfs op de frisse dagen was deze nodig om de kamer koel te houden. Verder een super schoon en vriendelijk hotel. 
9530 Stayed Because my flight was delayed.They have free shuttle to the airport which is awesome! they have a bar which is dead the hotel inside is so scarry. Rooms are dark carpet are old no roaches or anything good place to just sleep 
9531 nothing to do in the area 
9532 The hotel staff is the best I have ever met,,,,& I am a world traveler. I will not stay somewhere else on my next visit. 
9533 I loved this hotel! The rooms are small but cleaned and that`s what we really needed. The common spaces are really nice. The library is beautiful and the view from the Terrace is outstanding!! Next time in New York will be here again! 
9534 A spacious modernly-appointed very comfortable and 'cool' room, attentive staff, an excellent gourmet meal with loads of involved staff at the graciously decorated, unhurried restaurant, made a gorgeous location for a special memorable birthday dinner and evening in the middle of NYC. 
9535 The staff is very good, specially the front desk and bell boys. 
9536 This hotel was easy to get to (we drove in), the perfect location for walking around midtown, and the rooms far exceeded our expectations. They were spacious, quiet, comfortable and beautifully appointed. I would highly recommend this hotel for the price and quality. 
9537 We stayed here for part of our honeymoon in early July. The hotel is in a great location for all the main attractions. We had a lovely room, fairly large for NY. The only thing I would say is that wifi should be free! 
9538 Good standard of comfort and cleanliness in the rooms, great location near Times Square, great views of the Big Apple from the room, great quality food (especially breakfasts). However, very busy place, service is only average and probably more suited to business trips than to romantic escapades. 
9539 Really nice hotel in NY, very modern & original. A real experience. It is also a must to try their oriental restaurant, delicious and very affordable! 
9540 Een hotelkamer voor vijf personen vinden was op quasi elke bookingsite onmomgelijk behalve op hotels.com. Onze familiekamer op de 26ste verdieping was geweldig en maakte ons verblijf in New York onvergetelijk. 
9541 We stayed at this HGI 3/3-3/4. The location is fantastic! The staff was helpful and friendly. The room was perfect! Much larger than we expected and very clean. The beds were comfortable as were the pillows. We would chose this hotel again without hesitation. 
9542 Great location, pathetic operation. Two out of four elevators out of service for a week! Wait for 15 minutes and a crowded lift or climb 11 stairs. Charges 20* more than advertised for phone calls. Nice pool on photo is more like a bath tub in reality. Highly unpleasant experience. 
9543 Host/owner Kumar made our trip to NY wonderful. Helpful and accommodating he and his staff took pride in their small hotel. Cozy room, nice breakfast located on a great neighborhood close to everything. Would stay there again! Thanks Kumar! 
9544 Prob the Best Sleep I had in weeks. Gorgeous SPOTLESS Room ! Friendly & Accomodating Staff !! EXC rate & Location ... I walked most of the time ! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !! :) 
9545 It was a great hotel for the price. Breakfast was not advertised and just as well because it was not so good. Friendly staff. Very flexible and very nice rooms. Will come back again anytime. Love the district Chelsea in NYC. 
9546 I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights when i visited new york, it is a good hotel, rooms are small but nicely decorated and clean with every thing you need, location is fabulous, couldnt get better, literally 1 minute walk to time square. good value. 
9547 I like this place. It's old school NYC. Amazing location and fab service. I've stayed at St. Regis properties in Washington DC, Shenzhen, Beijing, Miami and now NYC. I totally dug my room and the staff is world class. 
9548 Best Western President Hotel is located right off Time Square. The President theme is a kick. The staff was very helpful. My teenage daughter loved it. We would definitely stay there again. 
9549 En general esta bien el hotel el problema es lo lejos que se encuentra lo que dificulta trasladarse a los atractivos no saben como explicarte como irte nadie habla espanol tu no conoces ellos no te explican y es frustrante 
9550 I've stayed in this hotel in May, 2012. The location of the hotel is excellent; the rates are very fair and the rooms are very comfartble. I trully recomend this hotel for couples and that desiree to have a great time in NYC. Regards! 
9551 fantastic location 
9552 Rooms beautiful decor, little on small side. Beds so so comfortable. Noise level minimal considering location. Must must have meal at ajoining restaurant 
9553 Highly recommend taster menu with wine , unbelievable!!!!!!! 
9554 Hotel con rapporto qualita' prezzo veramente valido. A due passi da Time Square, dalla fermata della metropolitana e dalla Grand Central Station.Chiaramente non e' un 5 stelle ma e' pulito e abbastanza silenzioso. 
9555 I am a Hilton Honors guy. This is in a decent location, but besides that, this is the worst Hilton experience I have had in the city. Stay somewhere else. I think the Garden Inn on 35th is a much better option. 
9556 This is one of the nicest LQ's I've stayed in. I've paid a lot more for a room that is half as nice. Modern furnishings, comfy king size bed, big flat screen TV, coffee in room and a very clean bathroom. 
9557 I stayed in 3 'business' hotels in Houston and this was easily the best. Nothing fancy but big light comfortable room and bathroom. Would happily stay there again on future visits. 
9558 3 nachten in het Millennium, 100 meter van times square, dicht bij metro en central park. we verbleven op de 39 verdieping, mooi uitzicht. Kamer, badkamers, allemaal in prima conditie, schoon en met smaak ingericht en bovendien prima bed en groot LCD TV screen. Kortom een aanrader, value for money 
9559 I enjoyed my 5 night stay with this hotel. The staff was responsive and always friendly. I felt comfortable and very safe and the restaurant had wonderful food to offer. 
9560 The hotel location is great, the staff is always there to help and serve, the facilities are in perfect condition, with rooms that are clean and confortable - the bed and pillows are top quality. In brief a great place to stay and enjoy NYC. 
9561 Oh lordie I love this place. Everything is perfect. Great place for a meeting. Great room service. Great linens. I LOOOOOOOVE it. 
9562 Super Lage, super sauber, super guenstig. 
9563 very small rooms , bar is closed at 21:00, value for money too expensive 
9564 perfect hotel for business. located one block from the express subway. rooms are spacious for new york and designed with ample desk and closet space. bathroom is sleek and modern. nice bar and restaurant. new favorite boutique hotel in NY. 
9565 nel complesso un albergo meritevole, posizione, servizio e pulizia ottimi. nel mio caso l'unico neo era rappresentato dalla camera che affacciava sul "cortile interno" senza vista e con il sottofondo permenente dei motori degli impianti di condizionamento, meglio richiedere da subito camere upperfloor e con vista sulla street. 
9566 In a real neighborhood, the hotel is one block to the subway and a short walk to Central Park. Booked a superior king and opened door to a suite...nice The staff couldn't have been nicer...yes, it's a bit old, but it has old school NY charm 
9567 Please go somewhere else the rooms are the worse i have ever seen. 
9568 Stayed for business. All staff very friendly. Room was a bit noisy being close to the elevator, but cannot do anything about that. 
9569 We enjoyed staying in this hotel! I regret having to leave. Rooms are good, bathrooms bit old and small. Food is very good, breakfast and dinner. Personel in this hotel is very service minded and friendly. A reason for us to come back next time we are in New York. 
9570 Great conciege, but staff in bar/restaurant give new meaning to obnoxious. Rooms are small, but okay. Good location if spending most of your time down town. 
9571 Fantastic location in a friendly atmosphere with excellent service. No noise at all from outside or inside. My wife and I stayed 4 nights and would return in a heartbeat! 
9572 A beautiful hotel in the heart of Manhattan, well appointed rooms with a touch of class. Good value for such a plush hotel. A few gripes, long reception queues, everyone has their hand out for a tip, poor reception on many TV channels. 
9573 We had a very large group staying over Saturday, November 14th and Steve and Diane were absolutely amazing and very helpful making our stay as easy and comfortable as possible. We really appreciated their kindness and efforts. Thank you! 
9574 This is an excellent hotel in all respects. Comfortable and clean room, friendly staff, convenient location, great breakfast - stayed five nights and couldn't fault it - will definitely return. Room was on 15th floor, no problem with noise. 
9575 An extremely cute place. Good value if you can find a rate under $100. Air conditioner loud in room but created a constant noise for me, which I liked. Would stay again. 
9576 The location is unbeatable. Just 5 minutes from Times Square, Central park and Rockefeller Centre. Subway within one block. Rooms are clean, quiet and comfortable. Service is good. Breakfast is very busy after 7.30. What more can I say, all the good reviews speak for themselves. 
9577 the rooms dirty, for check in you have to wait for hours, only rooms upon 7th floor are suitable - you have to look first how your room looks like and then have to upgrade it its not suitable .....lots of complains also from other guests... 
9578 Ask for the standard big rooms. The swimming pool on the roof of the hotel offer a lovely vue and the hamburger is really famous!!! 
9579 Close to IAH, friendly service, very good free breakfast, great rate********************************************************************* 
9580 First stay of many at this hotel. Convenient location, ample parking, friendly and helpful staff. Highly recommended. 
9581 Perfect location right by Central Park (we had a view from our room) and also close to most of the other tourist attractions. The hotel itself is immaculate with probably the most service orientated and well-trained staff we have encountered. 
9582 Habitaciones amplias , desayuno pobre , poca variedad pero con vistas barbaras a Central Park; personal indiferente , poco amable y nadia habla espanol, dificil la comunicacion especialmente si se presentan inconvenientes 
9583 Stayed in the Swissotel for one night for a conference in the hotel. Room was fine, great bed, good service throughout my stay. All in all a pleasant experience. Conference facilities were also fine. 
9584 just stayed at hampton inn manhattan soho hotel clean staff first class stayed 16/3/12 to 20/3/12 good selection of food for breakfast room was a good size to say there was three adults and one infant will stay there again when next in new york 
9585 Hotel buono ma caro per quello che offre, stanze davvero troppo piccole! Ottima la posizione, a Soho, quartiere tranquillo vicino a Chinatown. Staff cordiale e gentile. 
9586 I have stayed at the Waldorf=Astoria many times, and mark my words.... YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPOINTED! It is a Grand Hotel, with excellent service. 
9587 Great value and location. Small and modest lobby but staff was exceptionallly friendly and helpful. Room was spacious for NYC and very clean. Updated decor and bathroom. Housekeeping did an excellent job. I will definitely stay here again! 
9588 We loved staying at the Staybridge.. Free breakfasts and meet and greet nights... The locations was fantasic.. Loved our stay 
9589 Not bad for being so close to times square. The hotel is gigantic, but the service is friendly and the accommodations comfortable. We were quite high up and the view was awesome. Not far from theatre row and access to all amenities. 
9590 Easy check in/check out: check! Friendly staff: check! Breakfast and coffee upon awakening: check! Clean: check! No bed bugs: check, check! Easy access to train...what more could you want? 
9591 This hotel is one of the best I have ever stayed in - the service and accommodations are top notch - very luxurious yet comfortable - and the location is great - truly a home away from home when I am in New York 
9592 Even though this hotel is a little tired, it is very handy to Times Square, which is good, especially if your time is limited in New York. Rooms a good size for New York. Would stay here again, only for its location 
9593 By far, the best service we have ever experienced at any hotel across two continents. The folks at the front desk especially were helpful, going above and beyond expectations to help us. Next time we are in Chicago, we plan on staying here again. Recommend this hotel without equivocations. 
9594 This hotel was great, it was affordable, clean, staff helpful and was in a great location. Just a tip for anyone who does not like lifts you have to get in one to reach the lobby.The rooms were very light and airy, I would certainly recommend this hotel. 
9595 Very average hotel, room was very warm though pretty quiet. Breakfast was excellent but when checking out the reception staff were busy trying to kill a cockroach. Also waiting a long time to leave and receive our bags which we left with reception on our last day. 
9596 I stayed here fo four nights and I could not ask for more...everyone was courteous and kind. The housekeeping was great and the location is awesome. 3minutes to the nearest subway, but not too crowded like times square. 
9597 Sleeping in the street during a blizzard would be better than staying at this hell-hole. The place should be imploded. Enough said. 
9598 Service is lacking in a few areas, however overall service is decent. Hotel is so beautiful and filled with the most wonderful history. Fantastic stay, so glad we picked this hotel. Rooms are very romantic. Would definitely stay here and book with Jennifer (in sales office) again. 
9599 We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. Contemporary. In heart of Times Square. Can be a little noisy, but you are in Times Square, it sounds like NY! Very nice. Definitely recommend. 
9600 Hotel very well kept, great for any kind of stay, the staff is very lovable and friendly. To be an Italian hotel, missing the espresso at breakfast, however the breakfast is very good. 
9601 Tres bon rapport qualite prix. de passage a NY pour une conference, cet hotel m'a paru tout a fait approprie, tres bien place restaurants pour toutes les bourses, banques coiffures, points de vue... bon accueil et bon entretien. et puis clientele diverse et de tout age, tres agreable. 
9602 This is a wonderful hotel. They used to provide breakfast. But not this trip. Staff is great. Location is very good. Room was small, but this is NYC. But what MBA suggest they stop providing breakfast? It is about the customer, after all. 
9603 I had been told this hotel was tired, but the rooms were beautifully appointed, staff were pleasant and it was a bargain considering where it was situated. Just returned (4 April 05) and will certainly go back to the same hotel again. 
9604 gr8 place 4 staying super location rooms fab kids had a super time nothing like new york night life 
9605 We enjoyed our stay at this hotel...the location is amazing, the staff was really nice and helpful. My only issue was that the room wasn't exactly clean. We found some "artifacts" from a previous occupant in the room...enough said. Overall, I would definitely go back to the Milford. 
9606 Great location close to every mid town location.times square , Central Park, museums radio city and more. Clean updated rooms great service. Everyone who worked there really cared about every meed. A little pricey but worth it! 
9607 The room was large, the view from the window was super! (8th floor), the lobby was nice, total was $208 (prepaid online). Had breakfast in the morning - was very fast service and friendly. 
9608 Love staying here! Comfortable and a great location. 
9609 Hotel was nice, staff was friendly, requests were accommodated. Leo was very helpful getting us a taxi to the airport. For those needing to utilize the internet for work purposes, request the ethernet cable. This helps but internet is slow at times. 
9610 Great location!! Close to downtown Houston and Chinatown. Allowed pets, and free continental breakfast. 
9611 If you are looking for a great base, with easy access to all the sights this is your place! its set right on times square and barring a troubled checkin we would always look to return here. 
9612 The place was nice. I think is a good place to stay for the price. NEW YORK is beatiful city and you never been in the room, just for 5 or 6 hours. Is clean and good location, with nice people of staff. And good location. 
9613 Great hotel in the heart of mid-town. Hotel has character and style of the 1960's, I slipped back into the world of Mad-Men. Staff are very friendly Clean and tidy rooms, and mine had an amazing view of the city 
9614 This hotel is disgusting dirty moldy stinking hotel that is in need of a overhaul the bathrooms are the worst so disappointed even the staff are not friendly one bit. 
9615 We love the location of this hotel. It is near everything, but far enough away to not be overwhelmed with the craziness. Domenic at the Concierge desk was fantastic helping us with reservations and solving a problem we had with a local gift shop. We highly recommend staying here. 
9616 This hotel was clearly grand in it's day, but sadly that day has come and gone. Just the fact that it was older and not well kept wouldn't have been bothersome but it felt seedy 
9617 I stay in NYC weekly and at this hotel whenever I can. I have stayed here since it opened in 2009. Great location and fantastic,caring staff. 
9618 Very nice atmosphere in this trendy hotel,with very reasonable rates for its location.If you are going to NYC and don't want to spend a lot with accomodation you should consider the Jane Hotel,across from Hudson river path. The restaurant is a must,nice atmosphere and good food!!! 
9619 excelente todo ubicacion , habitaciones, servicios , concierge 
9620 Good, clean room. Excellent location in downtown Chicago. Right next to the Hancock Center and the Water Tower. Booked the room through Hotwire.com and was provided an excellent rate (about $100/night) which is exceptional for downtown Chicago. Lots to see and do in Chicago. The concierge was top notice. 
9621 This hotel exceeded our expectations! The comfort, cleanliness, and beauty of the premises...not to mention the excellent service from the superb staff! they really go out of their way to fill your every request with promptness and professionalism. We will definetly be back soon! 
9622 A fantastic hotel with friendly and efficient staff, I highly recommend for business or leisure, Breakfast buffet was excellent value for money, pool area lovely and good location near the Galleria with a free transfer on request. 
9623 L'albergo era abbastanza pulito,ma per noi che l'abbiamo utilizzato solo per dormire era perfetto.Stazione della metropolitana e taxi davanti all'albergo.Praticamente in 5 minuti si arriva a Time Square.Quartiere quasi tranquillo 
9624 A really great property and great price. The facilities were very nice. The staff was extraordinary! Very helpful, very friendly, very professional! 
9625 We have stayed at other Thompson properties and this was equally nice. Nice decor, great location, clean rooms. Really friendly and helpful staff. Reasonable rate. 
9626 Hotel in decadenza. Stanze vecchie e non proprio pulitissime. Se non fosse che e' a due passi da Times square e da molte altre cose raggiungibili a piedi non avrebbe nessun senso andarci 
9627 Goede prijs kwaliteits verhouding gezien de uitstekende ligging op 7th Ave. Liften kunnen wel erg druk zijn en wachttijden geven. geringe ca;pactiet voor ontbijt service maar prima ontbijt aan de overkant. 
9628 The staff is extremely friendly and helpful and the rooms were pleasantly very spacious and quiet with all the amenities we needed. I highly recommend it. 
9629 Wow what a hotel! Great rooms, restaurant and bar. Very good service, especially from consierge. Nice view of memorial place. If you look for hotels downtown this is the place to be. Easy to go to other areas, quiet and close to shopping. 
9630 Small room, old furniture, loud conditioning, average cleanliness, wifi didn't work, yet THE LOCATION IS PERFECT. Woth the money we paid. 
9631 The hotel has a great location, very clean rooms, friendly staff, i recomend this hotel for sure. The hotel bar is amazing, and the breakfast is superb! The subway is very close to the hotel. 
9632 The hotel had no rooms when I arrived, and moved me to another hotel. I returned the next day - the staff were helpful, and friendly. The room was clean, tidy, and decent. 
9633 If you like modern with hi-tech, that is the hotel you will enjoying stay. Great location, just d block to time square. Early check in usually not a problem. But the stuff not so helpful when come to early checking. 
9634 Location fantastic, room excellent, service and staff perfect. Could not fault it. 
9635 This hotel is conveniently located in the heart of NY. The staff were overly helpful and friendly. 
9636 the sauna and steam room was not running when I went to use it. It said it was on 24 hours a day. I would think they would turn it on if I would have asked but i didn't. Everything else was enjoyable. 
9637 Yes rooms are bit tired, but bed and pillows are really comfortable. This was our second time as guests and we would stay there again, its only somewhere to put your head down at night. It doesn't cost a fortune. staff are pleasant and helpful thanks for another great stay. 
9638 This is an awesome hotel. Close to everything - awesome location!! Great Staff. Great Rooms! Large rooms as well! Our 2nd stay there. Recommend it to everyone! 
9639 Located between Broadway & 5 th Avenue, a great little hotel, affordable, basic but clean, friendly staff and walk to everything. Highly recommend. 
9640 Relation price/quality terrible. Small room with very bad odor. In general the hotel needs a quick renovation 
9641 The rooms and bathrooms definitely need updating. The rooms and nice and big, the hotel is in a great location and the staff is nice. If the rooms were updated this would definitely be a 5 star hotel. I'll cross this one off my list for now. 
9642 We booked 3 rooms here...first they couldn't find us all rooms...then, same night elevator dropped 4 floors..It scared the hell out of me..I will never stay here again... 
9643 hotel rooms were quite nice- bathrooms also nice-but hotel lobby is huge and always busy- don't park a car here- quite pricey!! location was great and overall the hotel was a great value- other hotels in Chicago have more charm! 
9644 Great staff and warm rooms. What a combination! We enjoyed the entire weekend. The best part was the location for our activities. A definite must-do if you are looking for a relaxing, classy spot in the City. 
9645 The room we had was dirty,smelly,and the bath leaked all over the floor.We swapped rooms but it was smaller only the shower was better. The luggage handlers were great but thats all,i wouldnt let my cat sleep there. 
9646 The only bad thing I can talk about is that Internet is paid for. 
9647 can't get worst So dirty and unfriendly place Iwouldn't return there even if it's free 
9648 We spent four nights at this really well situated hotel.The room was rather small clean but well worn.Staff were courteous and helpful.We would stay again. 
9649 Great location just off Times Square, close to everything. Grey Line bus tours are close by - so are all the theaters. Staff was fantastic, friendly and professional. The affiliated restaurant was also really terrific. Will stay here again!! 
9650 Landed this hotel using priceline for $100. Well worth the price. Conventiently located to Magnificant Mile. Huge hotel. Bit worn in some spots (hall carpets), but overall great stay. Staff was extremely helpful. 
9651 It is at good location near time square and close to subway. Price is also a good deal. Room is also clean. If I go to NY next time, i will choose to stay at Manhattan Broadway Hotel again. 
9652 This hotel is a good value for NYC. The rooms are clean, the price is fair and the service was good. Subway is outside the front door. The resturant was good and we liked having a drink at the bar. We would stay here again. 
9653 Das Hotel liegt sehr zentral, ist in sehr gutem Zustand und bietet super Service...z.B. hatten wir speziell ein Zimmer mit 2 separaten Betten gebucht, beim check-in gab es aber keine und so wurden wir ohne Diskussion upgegraded in eine riesige Suite mit 2 separaten Betten. 
9654 Ignore the bad reviews and stay at the Club Quarters Midtown. Very friendly and helpfull staff. Comfortable and clean rooms. Rooms may be small but it was not uncomfortable. Excellent location with many good restaurants and cafes nearby. Don't be afraid to try this hotel. We'll be back. 
9655 Het hotel ligt gunstig, ongeveer 10 minuten lopen van Times Square en buiten de drukte, recht tegenover Madison Square Garden en het Penn station. Vriendelijk personeel, goede voorzieningen, alleen onze kamer was erg klein, dus bij reserveren vragen om een ruime kamer. 
9656 This was our second stay at a kimpton hotel. What a wonderful experience. The room was beautiful and the view was incredible. Staff was very friendly and helpful. I would recomend this hotel to anyone. Extremely pleased. 
9657 great hotel with plenty of amenities including store,laundry services, nice pool and patio area. definitely a great bargain. 
9658 We stayed at the hotel for five nights. Rooms are clean but tiny. The spot is really perfect to start the New York adventure. There's also a very nice pub downstairs ... Andy is very friendly! I'll definitely come back. 
9659 Very clean. Best bed ever. There were pillows everywhere, soft clean white sheets and comforter that you sank in to. Its basically the only thing I remember about the room. I believe there was also a basket in the room with toys/games/gifts to use in that great bed too ;) 
9660 Had a great stay, got upgraded to a corner room on the 26th floor. Fabulous room with views of the Intrepid Battleship and times square. Very friendly staff and the desserts that were delivered to the room were great! 
9661 Great hotel with an innovative approach to combining both Marriott brands. It's middle of the road as Marriott brands go. The rooftop pool is beautiful and the view is great. Rooms are nice, staff is friendly. Cell phone reception from within rooms is horrible, though. Internet is reliable and decent. 
9662 Rooms were clean and nice. The beds were VERY comfortable. Really liked having a kitchen available. The staff was extremely helpful. The hotel was in a great location - within walking distance, short cab ride, or subway station of whereever we wanted to go. Would definitely recommend! 
9663 Recently stayed at this property for business with a group of colleagues. Andres and DeShawn were both extremely helpful and patient with our group, despite our special requests and varied schedules. Great location and very reasonable price. We look forward to visiting again next year. 
9664 No working wifi in the room nor was service available to fix it. Room was OK, but not great. Down comforters in Houston are a little excessive and bad for allergies. Feather free rooms would be a good option to offer, but no deal here. Won't be back. 
9665 I travel for business weekly, throughout the US. This was my first stay at the IAH Doubletree and I was highly impressed. The staff were exceptional, the hotel comfortable and efficiently run. I would highly recommend it and would absolutely stay there on my next trip to Houston. 
9666 Stayed in the hotel for 8 nights. The room was spacious and convinient breakfast was included in the rate. Breakfast is served with plastic plates and silverwares and the products are kosher. 
9667 excellent hotel, great location in the heart of time square. all staff very helpful. new york feels a very safe and clean city. 
9668 Service is terrible. Front desk clerks have attitude. 
9669 Myself , partner and child stayed at this hotel in Feb 2004 and could not fault it. The location of this hotel is convenient for everywhere. Cost is a little on the pricey side but the location makes up for it. 
9670 The Carvi Hotel was a great choice for my first trip to New York City. It was very clean, nicely furnished, reasonably priced, and the staff were wonderful! It is within walking distance of many popular attractions and surrounded by good restaurants. Highly recommend! 
9671 Staying in Times Square doesn't have to cost a fortune. This newly renovated hotel is just steps away, includes a very decent continental breakfast and the rooms, while not that large, are very clean, up-to-date and comfortable. We'll be staying here whenever we visit the city. 
9672 Sono stato al Jolly Madison nel marzo del 2001 con la mia compagna. E'stato veramente un soggiorno fantastico: tutto perfetto, dal personale alla pulizia delle stanze. Consigliatissimo! 
9673 Housekeepers were great. Room was great. Don't expect a lot of help or personality from the rest of the staff. Minibar fridge was not working, nor was the toilet. However, they fixed toilet quickly and efficiently, and provided a small fridge at no cost. 
9674 The room was very spacious and the property is very close to the airport. Also has a free shuttle to the airport. The staff was all very nice and helpful. There is a TGIF attached to the property which we found very convenient. We loved our stay! 
9675 Forget about hotels with one name adjectives and brands that you have never heard of. Stick with Hilton at this midtown Doubltree that has been completely redone and you'll find the best value and service combo in Manhattan 
9676 Nice and large rooms. We have just stayed at a nice suite with bedroom and adjacent living room. Awesome experience. And it is not noisy at all, in spite of being right on the eye of Times Square! 
9677 Great hotel for the price. WiFi was slow. Bed was quite comfortable. 
9678 Average Hotel in nice location, with view to the Central Park. Easy access to the 5th Avenue 
9679 stayed here two years ago and planning another trip this year. Would not stay anywhere else. Excellent location and staff friendly and rooms very clean. Continental breakfast was enough and healthy. Would recommend. 
9680 Excellent staff service, clean, renovated hotel, very short walk over to the Gallaria and only a $18 Taxi fare downtown - one of the best Courtyard properties stayed at - highly recommended ahead of many of the surrounding 4star properties. 
9681 Checked out of this place as soon as I saw the room. Tiny small rooms that were dreary as he**. Seems people go there to commit suicide, because if I stayed there for a night I would've done the same. Went to Dumont which was night and day different! 
9682 Over all good stay for the price and location near the airport. The front desk clerk was very nice and friendly. NIce soft bed, and nice tv in the room. Check in was quick and quick out qastoo. The breakfast was decent. 
9683 I have to agree with MoonstrckArtist, this is the nicest La Quinta I have ever stayed in. From top to bottom, the place is excellent. I was especially struck by their dining room. Above average room and service just completed my stay. 
9684 This Hotel was not what it sounds.....we reluctantly stayed one night and then moved! Just a few things: unknown stains on the pullout couch, burnt curtians, mold under the pullout mattress, musty smells and very dark rooms (just to list a few). I would not recommend this Hotel to anyone! 
9685 Wear a mask and sleep in your clothes Better yet leave--go somewhere else for your health Truly despicable 
9686 Stayed at the Standard on July 4th in a standard suite. 180 degree views from floor to ceiling windows are extraordinary. Macy's fireworks were spectacular. I read a few of the negative reviews, but we thought that the room, hotel, and staff were great. 
9687 Spent Thanksgiving weekend at the Hudson Hotel and was very happy with the overall experience. The Bellman was extremely friendly and remembered my name throughout the weekend. Great location and a 5 minute walk to Central Park. 
9688 This was our 2nd stay at this hotel. It is in a great location. Nice & quiet in the evenings & weekend. The rooms are small but clean. The staff are very friendly & helpful. Breakfast was good with alot of choice. I would defintely stay there again! 
9689 Signed up for king bed. Got 2 queens asked for change. They could'nt do. Did'nt offer change other 2 nights. No chair other than office chair at desk! Good location but other than that don't do it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
9690 Motel badly needs refurbishment including new windows and air conditioning. 
9691 Great location, staff where very friendly. Great location room was clean and spacious for NYC 
9692 The Waldorf Astoria, NYC is a must see for any hotel or travel enthusiasts! From the Bellhop to the Housekeepers, everyone is the most professional, yet friendly people find in NYC! Definitely worth the money to stay here. 
9693 Great Service, Nice Rooms, Do yourself a favor and eat dinner at plataforma churrascaria which is right down the road. 
9694 Bad location: ghetto-like area, very run down and far from the shopping areas Very small rooms Unprofessional staff Outrageous phone rates (I have received a 400$ phone bill for less than 40' of conversation) Avoid this hotel. 
9695 The Hilton North in Houston, TX is an AWESOME Hotel! The Staff is AMAZING, the food is SUCCULENT, the rooms were WELCOMING and the beds were SO COMFORTABLE. 
9696 Affinia Dumont is certainly a nice hotel. Central location due to our accessibility. Nice rooms and good service. Nice friendly staff. 
9697 Outstanding in every respect. Great staff, clean and attractive rooms, terrific location, plenty of amenities. You will not be disappointed. The best value in the City. We have used Affinia Gardens for the last 25 years and would not think of going elsewhere. A good show all around! 
9698 I usually stay there for business trips that range from 1 to 2 weeks. Rooms are tiny unless you want to upgrade but the location is great for mid town tourism 
9699 we stayed 4 nights and we enjoyed everything at this place : near Broadway, great comfort, nice breakfast, good wifi, friendly staff 
9700 We had a beautiful room, was able to check in earlier, received a delicious warm chocolate chip cookie. Room was spacious...ideal!!! Huge bathtub, marble counter, quiet room, romantic with city night sky lights...could just stay in the room! 
9701 Location is good, but that's all. No cooling on warm fall or winter days, have to open the screen less window. Dirty, nasty, circle of hell. 
9702 Right in the middle of everything. Everything I expect from a Hyatt. Very attentive staff, nice room. Good stuff. 
9703 This is my second time at this hotel. I find it very comfortable, clean, great service, great location, and very safe. I liked the fact that there is a small kitchen, that makes it very convenient. I will most likely go back every time I go to Manhattan 
9704 The room is a very beautifull mix of modernity and warmness. The hotel is calm but the lobby is very lively. I recomande it. 
9705 This is the type of hotel that one wishes were everywhere in the world...affordable but chic at the same time. Our room had a Zen minimalism that was both refreshing and entirely practical. Will definitely be back...highly recommended. 
9706 The rooms were average. I'd give it a strong 2 star rating, maybe a low 3 star. It was a little run down, but nothing terrible. The hotel is in an ok location, a short walk to times square. It is reasonably priced and you get what you pay for. 
9707 We stayed at the Roosevelt Hotel on 45th Street for 3 nights in late March. While the room was rather small, it was comfortable for two. The Hotel is in excellent condition, and the service was above average. 
9708 Upscale feeling hotel. reminded me of a European hotel due to small elevators and small room size. We were on 7th floor, so it was very quiet. Overall you cannot beat the price for its great location. 
9709 I could go on and on about how great off-Soho suites is -- but the best part was the friendliest service behind the desk. thanks Ewad and Gabe! 
9710 The hotel is in a great location and very central to Times Square, shopping and restaurants. You can also get to the Park and Columbus Circle, where you can rent bikes. Cleanliness = just okay. 
9711 We were upgraded upon arrival to a junior suite on the 35th floor. It was spacious and beautiful. The hotel has two great restaurants, Norma's and the Burger Joint--best burger in NYC. Great location and service topped it off. This is my new home in the city. 
9712 Helpful personable staff, great room overlooking Central Park and just a wonderful location - walking distance to all the theatres, MoMA, Fifth Avenue shopping and great restaurants. Thoroughly enjoyed our brief stay. 
9713 Excellent place to stay! Great staff and rooms. Hotel is lovely. Couldn't have asked for a better location. Would love to stay there again. 
9714 Downtown !! Great to walk around, views, etc., but pain to get to and everything is costly, breakfast, parking, etc., Good service seemed spotty (depends on who you get) 
9715 Just got back from NY. Belvedere was wonderful, the room was much larger than we expected. The hotel was clean and very nice for a 3 star. The bellmen and front desk were very helpful. 
9716 Some restauration must be done! 
9717 We were one of the first to stay here and were extre3mely pleased with the service and amenities.The rooftop lounge and other public areas are cutting-edge with a clean, European feel. The rooms have "moving" beds which makes the room feel more spacious. We will definitely stay here again. 
9718 I was pleasantly surprised upon arrival. Nice trendy decor in a great location. rooms were very small (that's NY) but cute and clean. 
9719 Good value for money, Great service! Front desk people are very kind! Walk able distance to all the key places in Times Sq. Rooms are tiny but value for money! Breakfast is Good selection! Overall we had nice stay experience! 
9720 We would defifntely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting new york! The rooms were quiet, and clean. The staff went above and beyond to acommidate our needs. Jacob at the front desk was AMAZING! Way better than anything on times square 
9721 We are French, and very satisfied by the yotel : it's a bright hotel which provides good services, original room, good breakfast with various muffins, a lovely terrace, and crew members very competent and very nice. It's near Times Square. I recommend this hotel for a couple. 
9722 Modern and very clean rooms just steps from the subway and few blocks from the Rockefeller Center. The staff was very friendly and helpfull. 
9723 Very nice hotel, good location and excelent breakfast. Parking could be free of charge for guests. 
9724 The hotel was extremely clean, the staff was exceptional I would recommend this hotel to everyone 
9725 the room was great, the view was amazing, the hotel is in the center f everything. What i liked most was the view of NY that i had from my room, wht i liked least it was that i only could stay for 3 days 
9726 Posizione fantastica, a 2 passi da Times Square e camere piu' grandi della media degli alberghi a New York. Pulizia buona. 
9727 This hotel has a great location, just a block away from Times Square, Tickets guichet, Theaters. Rooms are new, well decorated, and clean. Restaurant is much better than the averages delis near. 
9728 Had high hopes this hotel could cater to a business traveler. So disappointed to find its charming ambiance meant I'd spend first hour of my stay trying to figure out wireless access. Charm can only go so far without the basic amenities. Won't stay here again. 
9729 Nice clean rooms and great price! Staff were very friendly and accommodating. We had a high floor room with great views of the empire state building. Nice central location. Will stay here again in the future! 
9730 Everything was outstanding during our stay on Labor Day weekend. Having the opportunity to return the next weekend for a business meeting at the Waldorf and compare the two, the Sofitel blew it away. It is all about the little things, and they understand that here. 
9731 Stayed here for one night during the NYC Wine & Food Festival and had a great experience. I would definitely recommend this place, to anyone looking to stay in an upscale NYC boutique hotel for a weekend. The restaurant and library bar is also equally fabulous. 
9732 We stayed for a week. Overall nice hotel , a little bit old fashioned. Good for middle aged or old people. Pros: Great location, clean,spacious rooms Cons: Small bathrooms, tiny elevators, no coffee makers in the rooms. 
9733 Visited NYC Four times this is the best Hotel we have stopped in ! Book online to get best price , Rooms are really nice and clean we booked after reading review on Trip Advisor 
9734 Down side is your a taxi ride from Time Square Etc. 
9735 We stayed here for 4 nights and I would recommend this hotel to all our friends. Clean and pleasant room, friendly staff, great breakfast and super location. We go back there for sure! 
9736 Good service - Especially Ellen at the reception desk :) Nice location at 7th ave. and close to Central Park. When you step out of the main entrance you can se Time Square and feel the "pulse". Nice rooms and a good bar 
9737 Hotellet har en fin beliggenhet. rommet var rent, men veldig lite, dobbeltsengen var smal. Rommet trenger sterkt til oppgradering, men alt fungerte. Vil anbefale hotellet pga beliggenheten. Hyggelig frokostrestaurant i tilslutning til hotellet. 
9738 I stayed at the Marriott while supporting a seminar. Staff was courteous and attentive. Rooms are well appointed and very comfortable. There are two restaurants on the property with plenty of others within walking distance. Parking is available at the attached garage for a reasonable fee. 
9739 I woke up with red welts on my back. They moved me to a new room and offered me free breakfast. That it! I have never experienced this before and sincerely hope it never happens to me again. 
9740 Voor een overnachting bij het vliegveld van Houston een uitstekende keuze. Shuttle service vanaf het vliegveld na een telefoontje. We zijn zelfs gratis weggebracht naar het verhuurstation van onze camper. Prijs / kwaliteit is prima. De staf is zeer vriendelijk. Prima kamer. 
9741 hotel muy recomendable mas alla de las comodidades y el trato q te brindan ..tiene una hubicacion perfecta ...y no es un hotel caro 
9742 Ottimo Hotel in posizione centralissima, mi pare sulla 44th strada. Finestre direttamente su Times Square a pochi passi dall'Empire State Building. Comodo per le escursioni nel centro di Manhattan e per vivere ad ogni ora del giorno e della notte le "luci" di Times square. Buon livello di servizi. 
9743 Loved this hotel. Lovely concierge area with private booths. Concierge level room was very comfortable. it was neat having a tv built into bathroom mirror. Hotel personnel were friendly and helpful. Would stay here again. Public rooms were beautiful, too. For old world elegance, this is the place. 
9744 You won't go wrong with this hotel! Nice room, good service, great location. We got the junior suite, and it was well worth it for the relatively small extra cost. I will definately return. 
9745 In this case, location is priceless. Accomodations are on average and it is an old hotel. But to be nearby John's Pizza, Times Square, Port Authority and more is realy priceless. 
9746 I went to Chicago for a business conference. This hotel was clean; the staff was friendly and nice. It is a great location to Millennium Park, the art museum, and many other sites. It was reasonably priced. 
9747 You know how some hotels can have an awkward smell? Well this one doesn't. It stayed fresh my entire stay. I love this place! The beds are comfy and rooms are stylish and functional! I love it here! 
9748 The Regency might be one of the best in city and possibly the country. The rooms and service were very good. We would definitely stay there again. 
9749 This was our 2nd stay at this hotel. Were there in 2011. Location is great. Subway right on corner. Macy's around the corner. Rooms are very clean and bathroom extremely clean. Staff very friendly. Had view of Empire State Building. Who could ask for anything more!! Will definitely be back 
9750 We had a long stay at the Hilton Club and were very impressed with everything. Really high standards in terms of specification and a perfect location and view. Thank you x 
9751 great location in nyc. Great price for nyc and location. New and clean. The room was small but decent in size. I recommend it for an average travel to nyc. 
9752 Located in great area for walking to everything. Nice people worked there and were extremely pleasant. Manager was delightful, friendly and the staff was very helpful. 
9753 This is one of the best hotels in Times Square. The hotel is situated above the 21st floor and is surprisingly quiet. The rooms are huge, the staff is friendly and the location is ideal. 
9754 Very professional, personable service, excellent Downtown Houston location, beautifully appointed rooms and a very trendy bar (The Sam)--what is there not to like? M. 
9755 Right by Rockefeller Center, within walking distance to many of the NY sights, the Palace is our only place to stay. The service is excellent, the rooms are clean and comfortable and the amenities the Tower offers are very enjoyable. $$$$ 
9756 stayed in the hyatt for 3 nights , comfortable rooms with good service from staff in hotel , bit expensive on the food and drink side though , great location would go back and have recommended hotel to friends. 
9757 I stayed here in Jan. 05. It's a simple, clean hotel about 2 blocks from the subway in midtown. The staff was courteous and friendly. Rooms were clean. There was a TV in the room, I don't think it had cable. I'd stay here again. 
9758 This smaller hotel has a great bar and awesome, hip staff. The room book thru Orbitz at $125 was as small as a cabin on my sailboat, but it was nicely appointed and I had a great nights sleep. For the price you just can't wrong unless you are clostraphobic. 
9759 Very large room for NYC, nice amenities, kitchenette and Pillow Menu! Service is top-notch. 
9760 This hotel staff is remarkable. Not pretentious at all; so helpful and go out of their way to say hello. The decor and attention to detail is phenomenal. Only had one bad experience with one woman serving breakfast. She was awful but everyone else was amazing. 
9761 The hotel is in a great location on Michigan Avenue. It was also visually pleasing and safe. However, the room was just okay. It was somewhat small and expensive. 
9762 Excellent Marriott which provides close proximity to a lot of the Galleria areas better food and shopping. S Room service menu is not quite as good as the nearby Renaissance, but still is quite good. Staff are excellent and very accommodating. 
9763 Great little gem in the Upper West Side! The price is very affordable, room was clean and the staff was friendly and helpful. Will definitely stay again. 
9764 Big, comfortable rooms, well-appointed, good service. 
9765 Stayed there Feb 2004, you get what you pay for and this hotel is no exception. Expensive but worth every penny. The Staff right through to security were exceptional. The room and views are perfect remembering that the lobby is on the 22nd..Well done Hilton once again. 
9766 Excellent service clean rooms I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone The staff was wonderful in giving dinner suguestions and tips of the city they really went out the the their way to make it a pleasant experience James P. Moran 
9767 The Waldorf Astoria survives on a reputation. I was unimpressed with the room and the hotel facilities are unappealing to a normal tourist. It really is nothing special and it is easy to find a cheaper, better hotel in an even better location. 
9768 Great location, easy to access many places, restaurant, subways, bus, etc... We love this hotel and will be back. What an amazing hotel! 
9769 Having security guards on the first floor entrance and having to show hotel card gave us a secure felling 
9770 Beds were very comfortable , pull out sofa was as expected , adquate ,but not too comfortable, probably fine for young children 
9771 Breakfast was great 
9772 superbe hall, superbe personnel les suites spacieuses pour 2 personnes et correcte pour 4 personnes , hotel se situant a deux pas de madison squarre garden et de broadway donc annimation garantie mais seul bemolle un peu briant au niveau de l'isolation mais suportable 
9773 Loved the hotel, the location and everything about it. We had a room with 2 double beds which were comfortable. The room was spacious which I didn't really expect for New York. I would stay at this hotel again 
9774 The hotel ws in a good location and the room had a great view of the empire state building, service was friendly,, and the room was clean and comfortable, massive flat screen and other feeatures that made the hotel feel more luxurious than most, highly recommended 
9775 Only steps away from times square making it very central to all the sights we wanted to see. The hotel is small and feels personal. The hotel staff were very friendly. Best value for that area. We would definitely stay here again. 
9776 The hotel is literally 5 minutes walk from Macys! So ideal location, however, i paid extra for a 'Superior Room' which meant the bed was a Queen. But the room was tiny, as was the bathroom! Breakfast was brilliant - lots of choice. 
9777 Superb!This apartment was in a great location, close to the Chrysler, Grand Central Station. We hardly used the subway, close to everything! Huge, comfortable, clean room. Lovely, polite staff. Real home from home place. This place MADE our holiday in New York for the week 
9778 I've stayed here because of missed flights and early flights. It's an easy tram ride from the airport. Impressive lobby. Clean rooms. Helpful staff. It can be busy at times. I would stay here again because of the convenience and location. 
9779 the hotel service was excellent. the rooms were clean. the location is in the middle of the city. it is an older hotel but updated. 
9780 We like this hotel because the room is clean and the staff is friendly. The complimentary breakfast is delicious. This hotel is well managed. For the price you paid, this is a great deal. 
9781 My girlfriend and I stayed here for the weekend and it was really wonderful! The staff was helpful, the room was incredible (corner room) and the view from it towards ground zero was really unique. I would definitely recommend it to my friends and would come here again! 
9782 The hotel is no great shakes, but it's a decent clean room with average service for a very good price. 
9783 Stayed here for 2 nights on my way to LA from London. Very enjoyable stay 
9784 Location is ideal and service top. I recommend 
9785 Great Hotel with a wonderful atmosphere. The staff is extremly attentative. Very private. The beds are awesome. Perfect location. Will definitely return. We came for the Colts game but they unfortunately lost 
9786 After arriving in New York City for a first time visit. We found an apartment building in shambles with not apartments available to be livable. We are awaiting a suppossed reimbursement. Do not Use WooGo. 
9787 Was warmly greeted and welcomed. Had a delightful stay. The staff was helpful and courtous. The rooms were well appointed, quite, and spacious, for NYC. Turn down service was a bonus. No problems at all. A warm and welcoming lobby to greet you. 
9788 Great, comfortable, designed rooms with fantastic bedding, pillows. Nice location surrounded by a few other quality hotels and only a few minutes from Time Square though one should be aware if walking alone in the late evenings. Just great value! 
9789 overall good service. Front desk was great. Held my bags for free until i could check in. Rooms are simply old. If you're looking for a quick stay in NYC with basic amenities and old school hotel rooms but for a decent price, stay here. 
9790 Pictures are alot better than actual hotel 
9791 Lobby and library were nice. But room was small and uncomfortable. Carpets were coming up ,shower fell apart,and woke up with backache. The only thing I liked was location. 
9792 Hidden gem that should not be overlooked. If you can get a suite it will be as good as it gets in NYC for the price. Huge and comfy with an Italian feel. 
9793 Excellent location, great staff. Just returned - had a room on the 41st floor with a partial view of Central Park. Room was clean, staff was friendly, can't beat the location!! Cant wait to go back!!! 
9794 Right next to the Merchandise Mart... Very nice hotel, easy to get in and out of. 
9795 The staff of the hotel really understand about great customer service and will go the extra distance to help out guests. The recent renovation of hotel rooms is great. Comfy bed, nice amenities. Will stay here again when I go to Houston for business. 
9796 I love everything about this boutique Hilton hotel. The best location near to subways, theaters, restaurants. And with the best, nice, and always helpful stuff. From bell men to front desk, housekeepers ... guest managers. Cant wait to come back. 
9797 Large room with a nice balcony overlooking the Intrepid - too bad it was too cold to enjoy. Friendly service and clean rooms. 
9798 This was our first time staying at this hotel ,we enjoyed the stay , We will stay here again From the front desk to the end of our stay everyone was so nice and friendly, Bed was comfortable rooms were so clean , will recomend others to this hotel... 
9799 Wonderful tribeca location. Exceptional value for a NYC hotel. Near downtown shopping and sights and an easy hop on the train uptown. Small rooms and bathroom but its NYC that you want to visit. Stayed 3 nights and will definately recommend and be back again soon. 
9800 This was a perfect location, the room had 2 queen beds, staff very helpful, good value for NYC. 
9801 Good value hotel and very modern rooms. Would stay again. 
9802 This property truly embodies the Westin experience and does not disappoint! Service was memorably friendly and sushi spot downstairs was great. 
9803 This hotel's main attraction is it's location. Located so close to Central Park, Rockefeller Center and Times Square there are a weeks worth of attractions within walking distance. 
9804 New, very clean property with excellent service. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful in all interactions. 
9805 A unique hotel. Excellent service. Room upgrade to a King suite was a nice surprise. Nice lobey bar with relaxing atmosphere. Needed some room items and were delivered within 10 minutes. We enjoyed staying at this West side hotel. Second floor lobby was relaxing as well. 
9806 The HVAC system ran all night and would not shut off! Very loud - the doorman was very pleasant - overall not bad but not the best 
9807 We were very surprised. This is a great hotel very close to everything, subways, empire state, times square etc. Would recommend nyma to all. A reasonable breakfast to start the day. Staff are ok..some better than others but generally helpful. Cheers nyma 
9808 Visiting Houston to see a concert at the Race Park. Stay was very pleasant. We would stay here again. 
9809 Excellent hotel, great service, good size room and bathroom. quiet and yet right at the heart of Times square. We would absolutely stay there again when visiting NYC 
9810 El peor hotel que he visitado. El cuarto sucio, el lavamanos tapado (y no habia personal para arreglarlo), el encargado de la recepcion fue grocero. Nos hospedamos durante dos noches y nunca limpiaron el cuarto ni recogieron la basura. La unica persona agradable fue el caballero de la puerta principal. 
9811 The ballrooms are great but the room are old ang ugly, the rooms do not have a minibar, the people in general are ok , but you shuold get more for your money 
9812 The Hilton Garden Inn on 35th Street is comfortable, well run and well located. Two blocks from the Empire State Building. Easy walking distance to Times Square and the Theater District. Subways are right there. Very helpful concierge. 
9813 The hotel lobby is fabulous, great location, but our room was dated. Not enough outlets to plug in iron, phone chargers, TV outdated, hairdryer broken. It was more than adequate, but room doesn't match the ambiance of the lobby. 
9814 The London is an excellent hotel. Great location, wonderful rooms and quite beautiful. The bar was also a good experience. The check in and check process was efficent and quick. The staff is very accomodating. This is an excellent hotel to experience New York. 
9815 Travel Inn is a really great deal in Manhattan!!! Easy access by car and a free parking!!! Incredible location on the 42nd, 3 minutes from Time Square!! There is a Police Station on the other side of the road (secure place). We'll stay there again next time!!! 
9816 Excellent service from the girls on the front desk, especially from Miss Rita. Service like this makes being away from bearable. 
9817 Stayed here with five of my girlfriends on a Saturday night. The location was perfect for shopping on Michigan Avenue. The rooms were beautiful and spacious; very comfy beds; and provided the perfect atmosphere for relaxing and catching up with friends. 
9818 The carpet in the room was wet because the shower was leaking into it !The staff were extremely pretentious. 
9819 Comfort nice hotel in the heart of nyc. Little beat crowded. Noisy aircondition system. 
9820 Never stay in this hotel. I booked through online. They jacked up the price when I checked in. The front desk pople are not nice. Will not recommend 
9821 This hotel was great. The room was huge by any standards, and the view breathtaking. The swimming pool although slighty cold had beautiful views and it was amazing seeing the lights of the city as you swam around at night!! Will hopefully get the chance to stay here again!! 
9822 The property is fine for the price and the location. If you are not too choosy and just want an inexpensive location to sleep at night with a decent, free breakfast in the morning, this property is fine. The property also has a Brazilian coffee shop attached to the lobby. 
9823 Older hotel, renovated room, good size, clean. Microwave and fridge in the room, a bonus for a tea drinking Aussie. Free Wi Fi. Laundry service (pay by the lb.(kg).) and Deli close by. Located within easy walking distance to Grand Central station. Happily stay there again. 
9824 Very mediocre hotel; scruffy and dirty reception area, small and old rooms with nothing in terms of views. Amongst the cheaper rates you can in Manhattan, though, short of going to a hostel. Good location right next to the Empire State Building. 
9825 The hallways and corridors need revamping, the rooms a new carpeting, a lamp would not get fixed after three requests in three consecutive days, the desk phone was replaced on request, and to have to pay for wi-fi on top? 
9826 As a Marriot Platinum member I thought I would try this new autograph hotel. It was absolutely brilliant. Bang in the middle of town - amazing breakfast and restruant - lively bar and full of history and character. Great staff. I will stay here again 
9827 Hotel did not have our room ready until 5:00pm and check in time was 3:00. There was no one at the diamond reservation desk. The room was above average but a little on the small side. Most of the staff were friendly. 
9828 We loved NYC! And we loved our stay at le Parker Meridian! The bed was so inviting at the end of a busy day. Would love to return someday! The hotel is within walking distance of Central Park, Fifth Avenue, Times Square, and many other attractions. 
9829 December 15-19. Wonderful hotel with extremely clean rooms. Only concern was the firmness of the bed on my wife's back. Good food at Dohyo and good service. Will definitely stay here again! 
9830 Love this hotel! Amazing staff, comfortable rooms and awesome location. (10 minutes from Penn Station by subway).I won't bother staying anywhere else. Congratulations Aloft Harlem! 
9831 Love the Fairmont. Luxury without the pretensiousness. Great rooms, Great restaurant called Aria. 
9832 My husband and I have stayed at this lovely small Tribeca hotel numerous times. It is always outstanding in customer service and comfort. The rooms are well-appointed and consistently spotless. The chocolate chip cookies and fresh orange-flavored water are very welcoming. Judy and David Borden 
9833 The location was very convenient and in the heart of the theatre district. Linens and bathroom were very clean but the carpeting and general hotel appointments are showing their age and could do with a renovation. Rooms are small. Breakfast was included in the price and was good. 
9834 Hotel was well located for Times Square. Rooms were clean, modern and well apportioned. Lift was out of order and there was some building type work throughout our stay. Breakfast was okay but nothing special. Staff were very friendly and helpful. 
9835 Great rooms but pretty pricey. Great burger joint, world famous breakfast, and cool bar right downstairs...but just make sure you have time to enjoy them all. 
9836 I love The Standard New York. It's my home away from home during my travel to New York City. The staff has made me feel so welcome. The location is outstanding! 
9837 good service, spacious proper rooms and an adequate front desk manager called Drita! Excellent place for staying a couple of days in the middle of Manhattan. 
9838 Istayed at the treemont hotel in chicago in october 06 i stayed in room 1507 the room was very clean and nice and all the staff were very nice and helpful i look forward to staying there again i had a great time 
9839 A small city center hotel near to the Empire State Building, half way between downtown and uptown and with the underground station just nearby. A very good breakfast included in the room price is waiting for you. .................................................................................................................................................. 
9840 HOTEL TRES PROPRE ET TRES BIEN SITUE, LE METRO EST TRES PROCHE, QUARTIER CALME ET BON RESTAURANTS ITALIENS. L'ACCUEIL DE L'HOTEL LAISSE A DESIRER CELA DEPEND DE LA PERSONNE SUR QUI VOUS TOMBEZ.A RECOMMANDER QUAND MEME 
9841 ideal hotel just minutes from times square,easy access to subway,if you like a drink do not use the rink bar at the rockafella centre as it is $12for a pint , plenty of eating places nearby also the deli next door is ok 
9842 Nice hotel clean rooms good staff and great location.close to everything and metro right outside the door 
9843 The W staff and premises is the perfect blend of comfort and chic. The staff was always available to answer questions and provided wonderful dinner suggestions (thanks Tk!) every night of the week. If it wasn't for work, this would have been a great getaway! 
9844 My experience at the W City Center was brought to a higher level by the exceptional service I received from Eden & TK at the concierge desk. I was in town for my birthday weekend and they both made it super special with their exceptional care and attention. A+++ Thanks! 
9845 The staff consistently went out of their way to be helpful. The breakfast was delicious and the lady in charge of the restaurant was especially helpful. 
9846 Location is brilliant as you can walk everywhere and the service is superb. The rooms are not huge but they are for Manhattan and the hotel was very clean. Guest services could not have been more helpful. Thoroughly recommended!!! 
9847 For location and setting, this property has always been one of the best in Houston since it started as a Four Seasons. With renovations, including a new spa, this hotel has alot of positives. When you add value, hard to beat. 
9848 Rooms are very modern and comfortable. We like the trendy area, terrific restaurants, and easy access to this part of town. The 7th floor bar gives great views and vibrant atmosphere. Staff is generally friendly. The King studio suite was very comfortable. 
9849 Though the location is as good as it gets and the rooms and hotel are clean and appealing, rooms are very small, elevator service is very inconvenient and road noise is loud. 
9850 great location, easy to walk to many attractions or catch a taxi. Rooms were spacious and comfortable and staff was very friendly and helpful. 
9851 Great location with a great service 
9852 Highlights of all great locations around new york.. Food spcially fresh. 
9853 The entire staff was incredibly helpful! The room, though small, was perfectly appointed...and immaculately clean...and quiet Every request was honored with a smile. Susan L 
9854 The staff was extremely helpful and friendly! David Brownrigg at the front desk was so kind! The W is a great hotel and I would recommend it to everyone! It has many wonderful accommodations including the pool and workout room 
9855 I knew the room is small, but if I knew the mattress is hard and lumpy I would never have booked this hotel. The worst sleep ever in a $280 hotel room. Staff was fine. 
9856 I expected much for it being a ramada. There was no continental breakfast which pissed me off being i was there for a week. Its only good for an overnight stay. 
9857 It is indeed a luxury hotel. It looks pricey for Houston but considering location, quality of accommodations, quality and abundance of service it is really inexpensive. It is great for a romantic get away as it was in my case. 
9858 just back after staying at this boutique hotel.staff very efficient.beds comfortable.in room tea and coffee machine.view from roof bar AMAZING. 
9859 Beautiful Classic Hotel- serivce was wonderful!! 
9860 I enjoyed my stay at The Pod. I did not know what to expect, and was pleasantly surprised. I loved the location and the cleanliness of the room and bathrooms. The room was a little tight, however, we managed nicely. The staff was very helpful. 
9861 This hotel is about a 5 to 10 minute walk from Times Square-perfect location as it allows you to see some sights along your walk to Times. Staff are wonderul! The decor is beautiful and totally up to date! We had the river terrace room-fabulous!!!! 
9862 Spent two weekend nights there in early February 2012. Clean, good sleep, nice views adequate room size and friendly enough staff. All very important features, but you stay here for the location. 
9863 Good location. The service staff were helpful and friendly. Room really too small for 2 double sized twin beds, making it difficult to move around. Otherwise clean and comfortable, with large bathroom.. 
9864 Stayed there for 1 night, but was really pleased with the service and the room. The room was both clean and comfortable. An amazing breakfast spread the next morning before we left for our flight. Would definitely stay here again. 
9865 This hotel has everything. Quite location close to numerous restaurants & shopping, impeccably clean, seperate bedroom w/doors, super comfortable beds, happy & courteous employees & a great breakfast. 
9866 A solid 2.5 star hotel. Good service and comfy beds. 2 blocks from Central park, 6 blocks from Time Square, Starbucks across the street. 
9867 Great location, super new and clean! Super recommended! 
9868 This is very clean and comfortable five star hotel. Its short walk to central park, shopping, time square. There are plenty of places close by to grab a quick meal. Great for business or holiday travel. Will stay here next time in NY, just so convient to everything. Highly recommend. 
9869 The rooms are dirty with some red stains I guess blood on the the walls and cigarette butts on the stairs. The restrooms were noting but dirty and the whole experience was discontentment, I was over charged and was given different room and above all treated with extreme aggression. 
9870 I liked to location (each of the most important attraction couls be reached very easy), the service and the room as well. The bed is comfortable which is very rare. 
9871 The only thing we can say good about this hotel is the view & location was awesome. However the staff was rude and completely unprofessional. The place really needs a makeover. I would never go back to this Hotel. 
9872 The check in person was very nice and the check out person was just as great the check out person took the time to expland the wyndam reward card without me even asking it was a great stay and I will be back for another stay 
9873 Standard is a hip hotel. walking distance to loads of restaurants/bars in the meatpacking district. Subway is a 15 minute walk. We were in a standard king room. TINY rooms. Would only recommend this hotel if you wanted to stay in the area 
9874 This unimposing hotel in the heart of midtown Manhattan is clean, the staff are friendly, and the rooms have everything you need for an enjoyable stay in the Big Apple. Try booking on the hotel's website first before trying the travel websites. 
9875 Ideaal gelegen hotel 47 th. str. tussen Broadway en 8e Avenue Meeste bezienswaardigheden kan U te voet doen... in nabijheid van enkele belangrijke metrostations, restaurants, shopping, enz... 17 jaar reisleider bij BCD travel voorde marathon van New York, waaronder 15 x in Edison hotel. 
9876 Wonderful 3 night stay. Professional and helpful staff eager to please and accommodate. Can't wait to stay here again. 
9877 Great hotel in the heart of Lexington Avenue. Fine details paid attention to, could even order different pillows. Staff more than happy to help. Great resteraunt. 
9878 Great hotel and great location. Rooms and beds were comfortable. Furnishings were updated and minimal, but nice. I was put in a handicap room (unknowingly), but it ended up being fine. Lobby was beautiful, nice finishes and very updated. Meeting space was a bit old, but still decent. 
9879 First room with a large steam leackage. Second room a frigidaire! And always asand Indian cousine smell as background.... Only location is good for this hotel. 
9880 Cannot beat the location, the staff is friendly and quick to respond, the atmosphere is relaxed yet attentive to your needs? Don't eat breakfast there though, NY has too many wonderful places to offer just around the corner. Highly recommend the NY Palace 
9881 Very comfortable hotel with nice view if looking out on the lake. Comfortable rooms and just 5 minutes away from Michigan Avenue. Very well located without the hustle and bustle of the city centre. Very nice buffet breakfast. 
9882 it was alot better than we expected! after reading poor reviews of it we were happy with pretty much the whole hotel. the location is excellent and the rooms were fine. worth a visit 
9883 Nice hotel but a little bit dated now, superb location, though, just off Times Square. Staff are very freindly and polite. The only slight reservations we had, were that it's showing it's age a little, especially for the top dollar charged, excuse the pun. 
9884 The beds are amazing. So comfortable. This hotel is very HIGH-CLASS! I would recommend it to any of my friends or colleagues. 
9885 This hotel is very basic and the walls are very thin. Rooms are small and very basic. Breakfast not the best and staff are little too relaxed as in they don't pick up the phone. Not a nice place for a chic city 
9886 The Hyatt is such a convenient hotel because the location is next to Grand Central Terminal near Times Square. The prices were excellent over the weekend; however, they sharply increased by $500 on Monday night. Other than that, the hotel was more elegant and approachable than the nightly rate implied. 
9887 My husband found this hotel and we were in AWE at its location. Close enough to walk the Magnificent Mile or choose to walk along the beach. Clean rooms, open floorplan with kitchen, and a breakfast with lots of options (not just carbs!). Loved it, and will return. 
9888 Rooms were very clean. Good atmosphere. Within walking distance of lots of attractions, restaurants, Navy Pier. Better than I expected! 
9889 a typical super 8: Fair basic hotel. reasonably location between airport (bush) and downtown. Rooms are quite clean though not recently renovated, breakfast is very basic (2 types of cheap cereals, bagel and cheese). Free wifi. For its moderate price, it's ok. 
9890 service was good and the location is great. rooms can use a little more furnishing. you can see the wires and poles by the ceiling and wall. otherwise room is spacious. 
9891 Stayed here last June. Very small but clean room, Didn't really like the TV choices that much. The air conditioner did work. Noisy housekeepin staff. But it wasnt all bad for the price and the subway was right down starirs, to go to midtown. 
9892 The rooms were well-equipped and very clean. The only negative is that the doors open to the outside (motel-style). The free breakfast was very nice. 
9893 Simple, clean & housekeepers and front desk clerks are friendly. 
9894 Camera pulita e di dimensioni decenti visti gli standard di NYC, posizionato vicino alle principali stazioni di treni, autobus e metropolitana. Prezzi ragionevoli. Consigliato caldamente. Ristorante adiancente aperto 24/7. 
9895 basic small rooms with private bathroom. Not much amenities except hairdryer and fridge & microwave. At least my room was clean and we were all able to get nice quiet sleep. For the price and being 4 blocks away from Times Square, I think it's worth it. 
9896 Fabulous LES location, friendly and helpful front desk and the room was very clean, though quite small, which I expected. It is close to the F, J subway, great restaurants, bars, etc. Hightly recommend if you want to stay in that area and don't mind a "compact" room. 
9897 I've never experienced better service at a hotel. Staff (front desk/doorman) remembered my name (after never disclosing it). Very accommodating. Nicely decorated rooms, great location. One of the best experiences I've ever had. 
9898 Great place, Loved it. Great staff everywhere, quite room, good air con, nice fittings, rooms are actually properly cleaned each day, good shuttle service, nice location, good meals at good prices, just all over a lovely feel with lovely staff. Wish I could live there. Wayne 
9899 We were very pleased with Hotel Mela. The rooms, albeit pretty small, are clean and comfortable (great shower, too). The location is fantastic (near all broadway shows) and the staff is helpful and friendly! We had a great time in NYC (as always) and would recommend this hotel. 
9900 We really enjoyed our stay here. The bedroom, bathroom and living area were all very spacious. We requested a room with a view and got one with a fabulous view of the city. The Barking Dog Cafe was really nice too. Would definitely go back. 
9901 My wife and I stayed at the Waldorf Towers about six months ago and had a fantastic time! Nicely appointed room and the continental breakfast room was fantasic. We lingered there reading the Sunday Times and felt like we were in heaven. We're going back in two weeks. 
9902 Stayed at hotel for 10 days while was visiting a family member in TIIR. Courtesy bus runs to the medical district every hour (on the half hour) & the drivers are very friendly and accommodating. Rooms are spacious and housekeeping is excellent. Recommend this hotel 
9903 Friendly, clean , close to 3 metro stations, allows you to go everywhere in NY. What's more? It's CHEAP ! Wonderful stay. The room was a bit little but u are in Ny, you stay in room a very little time. 
9904 Simply my favorite hotel in NY. Everything seems to be right here: Great staff, good design and atmosphere, good location, great bar/ lobby. Good value for money. Spacious rooms with everything you need. 
9905 Was there for 2 days, very clean and the staff is great. The location was perfect since I needed to go the the Apollo theater and Columbia U. I will saty there next time I'm in town. Thank you Ian and Jennifer. 
9906 I always stay at this hotel when I am in NYC. I LOVE how big the rooms are (a rarity in Manhattan), the location is prime (right next to Central Park) and the staff are extremely accommodating and kind. Plus the prices are always relatively low. I have no complaints. 
9907 I love this hotel! I have stayed there for business at least once a month over the past 2 years. The hotel is clean, comfortable and quiet! I sleep better there than at my own house. The staff is very friendly and accomodating. I highly recommend this hotel. 
9908 Small rooms, but great location for singles. Near nyu and lots a of good restaurants. 
9909 The servers in Gingers were awesome!, Nuir, Benny, Mohiuddin, and Adriel took exceptional care of our needs while dining. The chef, Eugene served up great food, just as requested. Please give these guys a pat on the back for their service. They made a difference on our stay!! 
9910 booked three nights... all hotels this weekend were very expensive.. booked this as a last resort.. good location... discrete service and comfortable... no issues to speak of. Its less Chintzy than most American hotels.. but not quite 'Boutique'... It was a relaxing stay. 
9911 Hotel was nice. Very good business center. No free parking.. Surrounded by the one way streets. Room was a little smaller. But, overall it was a nice experience. Slight noisy. 
9912 The minute i stepped into the hotel it smelled really mushy and humid. the room was no better it smelled really bad also. The restroom in our room had MOLD in the shower. I also saw mold on the lion in the breakfast area. 
9913 An average hotel with small rooms and tatty decor. Good service but you need to keep on top of the cleaners who fail to fill up the basic hygiene and bottled water supplies. Great location close to the subway and good restaurants, reasonable value overall. 
9914 We had a wonderful stay! The Westin Workout was our favorite part. The free personal training was top notch. 
9915 Rooms are very very small, not good value for money. Atmosphere very dark & unfriendly. Very disappointed with the whole experience, would not recommend you stay unless you wear "Designer Gear" as you will not fit in. Stayed 5 nights too many. 
9916 We stayed for 6 nights in the 2 room suite. Comfortable rooms, bathroom is very small, loved the Greek restaurant across the street and the market around the corner. Safe neighborhood close to Central Park. Would stay again, reasonable for a family of four. 
9917 Just back after our first trip to NY. Stayed in the Affinia 50 and couldn't fault it in any way. Friendly, helpful staff, huge and very very comfortable room and superb location. We'll be back! 
9918 I had a business meeting in the lobby bar - called Liquid Assets - last week. It was the perfect decibel level, the seating was comfortable and the service was great. The lobby is impressive. I will definitely go back for business and pleasure. 
9919 We love the hotel. The location is great, the room is fine and every day was clean, the breakfast was great and the price is amazing. If you want a great hotel with low price, you have to stay in Room Mate Grace. 
9920 I loved the fact that I was able to get a good night sleep in the busiest place in town.. 
9921 I went the beginning of May and the hotel was going under some renovations. The room was very nice. The beds were very comfortable and I loved how close to downtown the hotel was. I had a great view of the city. 
9922 We stayed @ Herald Square Hotel on advice from Friends who stayed there... The Room was Big, Bright and Clean. The staff could'nt have been more helpfull and the price was VERY inexpensive... two teenagers and me.....very comfortable and Thanks to Ms Euginia Simons 
9923 Great location to mid-town attractions. The room was clean and spacious. Room service was excellent. 
9924 We stayed here for 5 days with out late owl 2 year old. Fantastic location. The staff could have been friendlier. Our room was clean and had all the ammenities for kids. I requested an allergen free room, but didn't get it. 
9925 Everything about this hotel is excellent -- the location, the staff, the quietness and furnishings of the rooms. I am so happy to find the Granduca, as I travel to Houston frequently. I was shocked at how nice it is. 
9926 Rooms near the street are a little noisy when the garbage trucks come but everything else is practically perfect!!! Steps away from Time Square and Broadway and 5th Avenue!!! 
9927 I stayed at this hotel during a recent business trip. The room was large, clean, well-furnished and comforatble, with complementary bottled water. Hotel rate is quite reasonable. The bar food was excellent; try the waygu hamburger. 
9928 hotel moderno, molto bello,unico neo la prima colazione poco varia 
9929 My daughter and I stayed at The Jewel hotel for 6 days. The rooms are small, but very comfortable and clean. People who work at front desk are very friendly. The location is great, one block to fith avenue! We loved this hotel e we will come back soon.... 
9930 We stayed in the hotel for 3 days with 2 teenager children and there is nothing to comment on this hotel. great location, great food, spacious and modern rooms, nice ambiance,... perfect for a stay in new York! 
9931 This hotel is an experience in itself. A beautiful, 100+ year old hotel at the heart of Chicago, filled with rich history and majesty. Food was excellent. Staff was responsive and helpful. Location is excellent. 
9932 Stayed at the Mela many times. Sometimes they give nice upgrades, but otherwise the rooms tend to be small and cramped. The air conditioners are noisy. The rooms are very clean, the staff nice, and the beds excellent. Their prices vary substantially, but at their lower range offer good value 
9933 Mr. Steve Gbidi and Mr. Fitzroy greeted and served us professionally at the breakfast buffet very graciously. 
9934 very smart and clean place, friendly and informative staff. Good location. 
9935 It was a nice experience for me and my husband. Very nice atmosphere. we love to stay in Holiday Inn!!! 
9936 This Holiday Inn is nothing special. At the cost of a luxury room the hotel's ambiance is akin to the below average inerstate highway hotel you can pick up for $59.00 
9937 The pizza shop is decent but avoid the hotels lackluster "breakfast" buffet. I would reccomend looking for other occomodations! 
9938 The service was excellent in all areas, the food at the Nigel's restaurant is really good although the menu is limited. The rooms are very nicely decorated. Excellent hotel 
9939 saw it on the internet...LOTS OF FUN! very social...really good for the extended stay traveler... 
9940 We have stayed here 4 or 5 times. The rooms are gorgeous but the service could be better. That said, the last trip was better than the ones before and we felt they are making more effort on the service side of the hotel. 
9941 J ai pas bien compris les deux avis mais pour un hotel d aeroport pres d IAH, je crois n avoir jamais vu un tel rapport qualite prix.. J en ai fait plusieurs dans les environs pour des prix equivalents ou superieurs mais dans sa categorie, celui ci se distingue.. 
9942 Ask for high-level floor with views of Chrysler Building. Easy walking distance to many attractions as well as the Subway. I would consider it a 3 star hotel. May have been apartments previously. Get a good rate and it is unbeatable! 
9943 Guess not too great with family but great for a single traveller to be close to everything. didnt eat here, but could have, wanted to explore so ate at some good places close by... would most definitely recommend, 
9944 This is a great location for sightseeing in NYC. within easy walking distance of theaters, Fifth Ave., Central Park, etc. A subway station is across the street. We only had breakfast in the restaurant and it was fine. 
9945 It is a great hotel for NY standards. Four of us were Confortable for a week. the location is central to everything. Missing laundry and free coffe throughout the day. Polite staff. It is Definitly a great choice and great value for money 
9946 This hotel is very nice being so close to times square. It was reasonably priced and clean. The breakfast was a little undesirable. The elevator was old and not safe. The front desk staff was very helpful and nice. 
9947 Clean comfortable suite. Lots of room to relax though we didn't stay long enough to enjoy. Excellent breakfast buffet. Seating area was roomy and cheery. We would certainly stay here again. Kitchenette appeared well supplied bu we did not prepare any meals. 
9948 The Hotel its well located , but the very best of it its the spetacular service provided by Cesar Franzoni from front desk, who by the way its brazilian !! Thanks for the pro seco in my room in my birthday Cesar !! I WILL BE BACK ! PAULO 
9949 Great Hotel with nice rooms and beds. Location is great at 53-54 on 6th Ave35. The rooms were clean and roomy. Two nights cost over $530 with a discount! 
9950 This is the first time booking a hotel alone, and I loved every minute of my stay, real close to Times Sqaure, Columbus Circle, Radio City I will be returning for another stay in July and August if u wanna come to NYC choose Da Vinci Hotel u won't regret. 
9951 This hotel is just great. I was amazed each time I went in. Stuff was really friendly and check-in was really fast. Ans there is one thing in NY that really counts; location! The hotel is located perfectly. I will never ever stay somewhere else in New York. 
9952 I had the studio suite and it was wonderful. BIG room and well planned. The exercise room could use a few fans but was nice. I was staying on the negotiated wedding rate so my price was a great value. 
9953 Convenient location directly at the airport, Stayed 2 nights in March 08, room was comfy and well furnished but very small and cramped, particularly the bathroom which just became annoying. Noise levels are high, expensive internet but great views of the airport runways. 
9954 Love this hotel. I've stayed a few times for business and always been pleasantly surprised by the consistent service and overall experience. Great location, not touristy and nice sized rooms. 
9955 enjoyed our stay ,with helpfull staff clean rooms and great facilities,we will use the hotel again thank's for a great holiday. allan and sian 
9956 Excellent experience...very impressed. Room was exactly as it appeared o website. Very clean bathroom, bedding and huge screen TV! Excellent staff! 
9957 Friendly helpfully staff. Great location near 79th Strreet subway. Neighborhood bars, shops,laundry all close by. Would recommend to singles and couples. Room was not large, but very comfortable.great bed and excellent service. 
9958 Very clean. Great location to access famed Michigan Avenue. Rooms small, beds tiny but comfortable. Had a lake view and could see Navy Pier fireworks. Parking way over priced but found a cheaper option from Spothero.com. 
9959 We had a wonderful weekend at the Fairmont. It was in a great location next to Grant Park and was beautiful. We loved the city view and the set up of the room and bathroom. We would stay there again in a heartbeat! 
9960 Early check-in time(1pm). Newly remodeled rooms are great! Comfortable bed. Decent pool. Great location, although can be a little nosiy at times with traffic if the AC isn't on since it is right off the freeway. Better than what we expected. 
9961 From our checkin to checkout we truly enjoyed every service and the great responsiveness of the staff. 
9962 Excellent in every way: location, service and decor. Rooms are a bit small, though, and on the pricey side, but it's ok for the overall quality. Ask for a room on the higher floors: lower floors can be noisy. 
9963 Location: Perfect. A minute from Bloomingdales, 5 minutes from Central Park. Hotel: Nice, somewhat quiet. Rooms: Small, a bit outdated, but clean. Good storage and a small desk. The bed was luxuriously comfortable. The bathroom is quite nice and clean. Staff: Extremely helpful. I really enjoyed this hotel. 
9964 Amazing hotel, clean rooms, perfect location and most important of all the best service. Manager in charge Elizabeth was extremely helpful in facilitating my whole experience and really made my stay feel like home. The rest of the staff is also very friendly and helpful. 
9965 From the moment we arrived weary from a 17.5 hour flight, we were greeted warmly. The staff were supremely helpful. There are many hotels in New York, but the Le Parker Meridien excels in customer service. 
9966 Ottima posizione, ottima vista (se capitate nell'area giusta dell'albergo con vista sull'empire state building). No frigorifero, no cassaforte in camera. 
9967 Door staff and check in staff very friendly. Allowed us to check in a little early also. Room is small but very clean. Bathroom is modern and huge flatscreen TV. Would try again. 
9968 Paying for location; stay here annually for a celebration/fundraising weekend... rooms small for price but had a great view, food good, costly parking for valet parking W/E. banquet wait staff rude, rushed meal, loud & incosiderate of the functions going on. 
9969 then this is a good hotel. In other areas you would expect more from the money you pay for this hotel, like a tv where the screen is not blurry, correct information by the hotel staff and exercise equipment which actually works. 
9970 My impression when we arrived in the Hotel was that the front desk personel was unfriendly and not very helpful. The room was very dark and the price was too high for this 
9971 Can't complain about anything, I loved this hotel, loved the service, loved the room, loved the breakfast, it was all just amazing, never tried arriving at such a good hotel, stay there! I'll do it when I come back to NYC :) 
9972 In oktober 2010 met stedentrip geweest , is het eerste hotel wat ik meemaak dat de kamer groter is dan op de foto lijkt. Zeer aan te bevelen. 
9973 We stayed at the Park South over Easter. Room was very clean, linens and towel quality excellent, and each room has individual heat and AC control. Very convenient to the 6 subway line. Good dining in the area. Would highly recommend. 
9974 My husband and I were pleasantly surprised with this hotel. The rooms were much larger than expected and were clean and modern looking. Very comfortable beds- we slept great! Good location near Central Park. The staff was friendly and helpful...we enjoyed our stay and would recommend it to others. 
9975 great location. great friendly service. rooms big but outdated and need renovation. 
9976 clean room, central location (hop on /off bus stop right around the corner) and polite staff, with a complimentary continental style breakfast. what more do you need in NYC. would definitely stay there again, and would recommend to others. 
9977 Exactly what we were lookign for. Location via subway was great to see all the sites. Best vacation yet. 
9978 Had a late flight into Houston Hobby Airport. This location is fairly close to the airport. Rooms are average and quite dark. Bed was fairly uncomfortable, but I did not complain since I was tired. I think there are better options in the area for the price. 
9979 First of all. the location is great! What was convenient for us is there is STARBUCKS COFFEE on 1st floor. The room was small but didn't feel uncomfortable. The staff wes also good. I would like to stay at this hotel again. 
9980 Very well set in the heart of Houston..Very nice, clean, confortable .. Parking to expansive.(30 dollars) 
9981 but you have a public parking next the hotel for 7 dollars per day..Restaurants and theatres are close to the hotel.. You can walk, it's safe.. 
9982 Een heel erg mooi en goed hotel, mooie kamer met een waanzinnig uitzicht, ligt heel centraal en een Starbucks binnen handbereik!! 
9983 The Palmer House is a beautiful, historic hotel in the heart of downtown Chicago. The lobby area is absolutely stunning. The staff was very courteous and helpful. King room was very small and showed some signs of age. Overall very nice. Will stay again. 
9984 The hotel lobby is grand and the room was nicely decorated too. For two adults, it would have been nice to have more than just one chair. The L was half a block away but it was quiet with no more than a low rumble heard at night. Convenient location. 
9985 The bedding was clean. The rooms were badly lit and the bathroom was in need of attention and a deep clean. We are currently trying to find out why $14 was added onto our card after check out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
9986 We had a fantastic stay. Renovation did not allow us to use guests laundry but the staff was so gracious and helpfull. We'll be back. 
9987 Locatie was uitstekend, hotel kamer was prima. Tot ons verbazing werden de lakens echter nooit vernieuwd! Minder plezierige toevalsbevinding was aanwezigheid van mieren in de kamer en de koffers. Zeer goede trein-metro verbinding. Heel centraal gelegen. 
9988 Great location for Mid Town. Lots of other hotels nearby. Average room. Old feeling. Poor lighting. Terrible pillows and mattress. Great shower-strong and hot. Plenty of towels. Small fridge in room. 
9989 Excellant location only surpassed the service. Everyone was solicitous and unfailingly polite. Great view from the 32nd floor! Clean-spacious-I would stay again and recommend it to anyone. 
9990 What a wonderful hotel! Beautiful, great location and extremely superior staff! Walking to shopping, restaurants, and the theater! Will do over and over again! 
9991 Stayed her for CCJ'S Grand Gala, the room was big and spacious with fluffy whie towels in the bathroom....an in room bar.....and a great view of the river below. The food was sumptious, i especially liked the blueberry cheesecake.....awesome place to stay. 
9992 This is a great basic motel for the money. Being located outside of the beltway helped make this a safer place to stay. We would use this location again if we needed to stay in the northwest Houston area. 
9993 I was put here by United Airlines when there was an overnight interruption in my trip. It was a great room, with very nice people. It had a free shuttle, and the restaurant is very nice. I was happy to have stayed here, if it had to be somewhere. 
9994 Beautiful, newly redecorated rooms. Staff were fantastic, hotel was spectacular. It was a little far away, but manageable on subway, a block away, and on a central line. We found this a great experience. 
9995 Good suite hotel. Small rooms, but clean and relatively new. Small kitchenette, convenient because of the refridgerator and microwave. Very central, five to ten minutes walk to times square and about five minutes to subway. We would absolutely recommend it. 
9996 Good stay 
9997 No complaints. Pretty small of course but overall we really enjoyed our 4 days here. 
9998 My wife and I spent July 4th weekend at the St regis and loved evrything about it again. We were upgraded to a fabulous suite and the butler service is fantastic. The hotel employees are cordial and very helpful when requests for information are made. Great Hotel. 
9999 Prachtige entree en lobby, in het hart van Manhattan gelegen, ideale locatie om lopend van alles te ondernemen. Grand Central Station voor de deur. Kamers zijn niet groot maar de bedden zijn perfect. Heerlijk slapen na een dag actief bezig zijn. Aanrader. 
10000 Good customer servcie. Hotel was very busy probably becasue good price for NYC. Still overpriced. Housekeeping works hard. 
10001 Stayed here May 1st - 3rd. Was very impressed with the hotel. The room was nice. You could only be impressed with its location. Will certainly be recommending hotel. 
10002 Fantastic position, over the road from subway system, 10-20 mins walk to Top of the Rock, Times Square, Broadway, Empire State building, etc, etc. Reception and Concierge staff very friendly and helpful, and the beds (stayed on two occasions) are the most comfortable I've ever slept in! 
10003 Hotel Stanford is in walking distance to so many sightseeing and good places in New York. The staff was very friendly and helpfull. The rooms were clean and quite enough to sleep. For this price its probably the best hotel you can find! 
10004 You can't go past The Maritme for a great NY holiday. After a small mix up with our room we were upgraded to one of the penthouses, which was amazing. Staff were friendly and courteous. Definitely recommend The Maritime for a NY stay. 
10005 OK hotel, except pathetic security. My less than month old new $40,000 vehicle was vandalized during my stay. It was parked in front of the hotel between the hotel and the freeway access road. Where was their security? 
10006 Fantastic stay, large room excellent value for money, location was perfect, could walk everywhere, quiet and the staff was amazing. Breakfast very good. The staff in the breakfast area from the guy who cleans the tables to the serving staff so friendly. Wish we could have stayed longer. 
10007 I stayed at this club quarters location just a few weeks ago, and had a wonderful experience! Kristin, at the front desk, was especially helpful and attentive. I really appreciated how welcome and comfortable I felt during my stay there! 
10008 In two words: stay away. This property is in need of a MAJOR update and cleaning. It's dirty, noisy and not worth the outrageous rates they charge. The only good thing one can say about this hotel is its proximity to Wrigley Field. 
10009 Varias veces por trabajo pare en el Affinia Manhattan y el reciclado le ha venisdo perfecto! Agrego una decoracion moderna a sus superespaciosas habitaciones,las suites con 2,si 2 sanitarios un lujo absoluto para NY NY!La atencion del frotdesk optima. 
10010 The location was pretty central,the breakfast was very good,the stuff was very friendly,but the rooms were too small. 
10011 Dirty rooms, aircon unit ancient and clogged with 15 year of human detritus! Gross! Lumpy beds, duvets and pillows all bunched and lumpy due to age. Peeling wallpapers, nasty soaps, shampoos etc DO NOT STAY HERE!!!! Whole place needs gutting and fully refurbishment. VILE VILE VILE!!!! 
10012 Vicinissimo alla metropolitana, pulito, stanza molto grande, economico, staff gentilissimo 
10013 Very nice rooms, excellent staff, 41st floor - good view. Parking across street for a fee.... but that is New York! View of Times Square but not a direct view. cons - no coffee in room. 
10014 exelent bueno. me la pase bien....el Hotel tranuilo con una vista espectacular 
10015 Excellent Service and team, very good location - 5 min from Times Square, big & comfortable rooms, with free wi-fi in the rooms Boral Family 
10016 The hotel location is very good - one block from Times Square, but the rooms are too small even for Manhattan. You can't even hang you clothes as there is no wardrobe. The rooms are showing some wear and tear buy they are relatively clean. No issues with the service. 
10017 This was our first visit, and we were more than pleased. The location was fabulous. We could walk anywhere. The accomadations were great! The service was outstanding! I highly recommend this hotel. You feel totally safe here. 
10018 We stayed here during the NYC Triathlon. Perfect location for subway , Central Park, shopping on 5th avenue and tremendous restaurants. It is a large hotel and convention center but the staff are very attentive all requests. on turn trips. Will definitely consider this hotel again. 
10019 * hotel staff very friendly and knowledgeable * rooms were elegant and very clean * beds are amazing- so comfortable. I had the best nights sleep * had amazing food and drinks at the restaurant and bar * I would definitely recommend this hotel to a friend. 
10020 The hotel was located near many things to do. We went to the broadway show WICKED (excellent show). The hotel and the employees were exceptionally nice. Good food but only served breakfast and dinner, no lunches but plenty of places around to eat it is NYC. 
10021 Great location, clean and staff helpful. Close to good restaurants, all the sights and subway. Small but what you need. How much time are you really going to spend in your room when you're in NYC? I would recommend. 
10022 Heerlijk hotel! Wij hadden uitzicht op Times Square; fantastisch! Erg vriendelijk personeel, zeer uitgebreid en goed ontbijt (in restaurant met ook prachtig uitzicht), en leuke bar. Broadway om de hoek. Niet lawaaiig, je kunt na hectische dag goed tot rust komen en lekker slapen in dit hotel. Aanrader! 
10023 This hotel and restaurants are great the staff is nice. Outside areas are a good plus and the location is perfect if you enjoy lower manhattan. We ate at the restaurant nice service good wine selection. 
10024 Wow what a great surprisingly quite and ellegent location. Loved our room service from valet parking to front desk was great gorgeous pool....wow ... 
10025 Tres bien situe pour les visites, hotel proche du metro et des bus egalement 
10026 Meme si la chambre est un peu petite pour 4 (manque de place pour les valises), l hotel reste tres confortable Petits dejeuners corrects Personnel sympathique et disponible 
10027 Great hotel and a great location. The best new restaurants engulf this hotel. The view is amazing and my only regret is that the pool wasn't open when I stayed. The service was great the rooms are beautiful and I cant recommend it enough. 
10028 The staff was superb. My friend and I had such a good time because management took care of everything. Angela at the front desk was so helpful.The shuttle driver also was very personable and knowledgeable. Good people!!! 
10029 Helpful staff considering our extremely late check-in. Room was very clean and great location for shopping and restaurants as well as access to main toll roads and freeways. 
10030 I absolutely love staying in Times Square so this hotel proved to be great. I found the service excellent and attentive. The beds are comfortable and a great place for a weekend getaway. Close to Broadway shows and shopping. Loved the place and will go back!!! 
10031 Very nice hotel. Clean and quiet and the staff couldn't have been more helpful. A convenient location, close to Grand Central Station. We would very happily stay here again. 
10032 Loved every minute in this place... didnt want to leave :) Perfect hotel for a true NYC experience !!! Close to everthing that matters in NYC! 
10033 I went with my son to new york city for the first time and we loved the location and service at the Sofitel. The staff was outstanding and the conceirge was so helpful. We walked every where and had the best time. Clean, beautiful, comfortable, wish I could live there. 
10034 This is one of my favorite hotels to stay at. It's right on the lake. The rooms are great - great layout, decor, amount of space. Cool bar. 
10035 the hotel is in the best location right in the heart of manhattan the rooms are comfortable and very clean the staff is always very helpful all transportation is readily available 
10036 Ottimo hotel, con camere grandi e confortevoli con vista su Time Square. In linea con la categoria di appartenenza. Da non perdere il ristorante girevole all'ultimo piano per una vista stupenda di Manhattan, specialmente con il brunch della domenica mattina! ;o) 
10037 I will never in my life stay at this place again. I've stayed at much nicer looking , more courteous staff, and top of the line hotels that make this hotel look like DIRT!! It was definately not worth an almost $3,000.00 stay. 
10038 Stayed here for two nights and my daughter was infected with tons of Bed Bug bites. I've been trying to complain to their head of Secuirty with no answer or returned phone calls. 
10039 stayed 6 nights , upgraded to a two bedroom suite on 10th floor,very clean hotel, very friendly and helpful staff. hotel location perfect two minutes from macys and empire state building. definitly would return. 
10040 Stayed at this hotel after finding it here on Trip Advisor. It was clean, convenient and well priced. Less than a block from Times Square. Great breakfast; great staff; very clean and great value for the money. 
10041 Very nice place, clean, helpful officers, good breakfast with tons of choices, You can even borrow DVD and there is internet room. Highly recommended. 
10042 Had a wonderful time during our stay here. The staff was so friendly and helpful. 
10043 St. regis houston is a very elegant hotel and markeshia johnson was very helpful in making my reservation. 
10044 We were very pleased with the location as it was very central to everything we needed. Considering the price, our room looked pretty "tired" but we have not stayed at other NYC hotels to be able to do a proper comparison. Staff were pleasant, and the restaurant food was lovely. 
10045 Excellent room with partial view of Millennium Park. Terrific biz center for larger screen web surfing. Phenomenal staff even accommodated morning early check in. Unbeatable location to loop el stops 1-2 blocks away and everything around the river 
10046 Room was small but staff were very friendly. Great location would stay there again! 
10047 I was unable to rent a car for a recent trip, but the hotel handled all my travel arrangements for the week, including Concierge transportation and setting up taxi / limo pickups. Have been staying here at least once a month for over a year and plan on continuing. 
10048 Construction all day. Peeling tubs. Minuscule rooms. 
10049 Brand new hotel, very clean, staff very friendly and helpful. near NYU Medical Center. My husband had out patient surgery and we wanted an upscale place to stay overnight. Very comfortable here! We will go back ! 
10050 Stayed at the Michelangelo last Saturday and was very satisfied. The staff was helpful, the room clean and comfortable. The location was fantastic, walking distance to everything! Price was reasonable considering the location. I would definetely stay here again. 
10051 Ottima posizione, bella camera prezzo ragionevole. Peccato due soli ascensori. Per il resto nulla da eccepire. Vicinissimo a Michigan avenue, alla Hancock tower, all'Apple store ed alla spiaggia. Ottima posizione anche rispetto a un paio di ristorantini niente male. 
10052 No, no - second time. The view is wonderfull - WALL 
10053 The W is a trendy, modern hotel, with comfortable beds and very clean rooms. It's location is great and so is its service. We loved it and thought the price we got was excellent! Our room was on the 8th floor, sound proofed and cute. 
10054 e`un hotel proprio in centro a TIMESQUARE ci sono stata ben due volte e posso dire di esser soddisfatta... 
10055 Fijne locatie met zicht (vanuit onze kamer op de 31ste etage) op Times square! Geweldig!! Prima bedden en dekbedden. Alle theaters op korte loopafstand, hop on-hop off bus om de hoek en de winkels rondom Times Square open tot 24.00 uur!! Kortom wij komen hier zeker nog eens terug! 
10056 Great rooms for a family -placed central to Times Square but they all have to learn some service 
10057 Perfect location for shopping or going out in river north! Rooms and bathrooms need some updating, but overall a nice clean hotel. Make sure to request a high floor room for awesome city views! 
10058 We stayed at the Da Vinci 6-04, in spite of reviews here. Clean, comfortable room. Oversize bath with amenities like hair dryer, infrared lamp. Well furnished room with substantial table and mirror. Cable tv worked fine. Staff was courteous and helpful. Good location. We'll come back. 
10059 We enjoyed a delightful Saturday morning family brunch at the hotel lobby restaurant. In particular, we want compliment our server, Fernando, who was an excellent example of high professionalism and courtesy. It was a first rate experience. 
10060 The hotel is very old and the rooms are as small as a broom closet. The TV is on a wall that can't be seen from the bed. The elevators are even smaller, bring your Xanax! The building is old and ugly. 
10061 Not beautiful, not even cheap. Good location, but tiny and dated 
10062 I stayed with my wife for 6 nights and everything was ok. The room was small but well-designed with bath amenities. The location couldn't be better. 
10063 overnight stay only. no premium movie channels. Breakfast was good and affordable - small sitting area. convenient to convention center (1 mile away). Overall, for the money, good hotel. 
10064 It was a lovely experience. It is right in the center and it is bang opposite Madison square!!! So many restaurants and shopping areas nearby. Of course broadway is just a couple of blocks away. It was great! 
10065 Except for the size of the room, every aspect of this hotel was more than we expected. From the location to all the hotel amenities and the hospitable staff, a great place to stay! 
10066 Very good budget hotel in great location with very helpfull staff rooms are small but very clean 
10067 Nice hotel with good location downtown Manhattan in corner of Wall street! Inc. breakfast and good wireless internet in rooms. Close to ferries to Liberty- and Ellis- and Staten Islands and South street Seaport. Recommend, no five star quality but nice and quiet. Rooms OK and NO bed bugs!!! 
10068 The hotel is clean and very trendy. The rooms are extremely small (maybe its the NY standard) and the upgrade to stay on a higher floor is not worth it. The location is excellent. The crew members are polite and helpful. 
10069 Everyone of these services went out of their way to assist us in some capacity. Please extend our appreciation to your outstanding staff. I want you to know how much we enjoyed your hotel, your personnel and the ambiance created there and that we plan to come again. 
10070 Shared bathroom was clean, room was small and basic, but had a TV and vanity. Cheap enough for a New York hotel if you just need somewhere to sleep. Top location only a short walk to Times Square. 
10071 will definitly stay here again! hopefully soon! walls a little thin, but everything wakes me up..nice that windows open so you can have somewhat fresh air... 
10072 Visited hotel in December 2005 - would recommend completely, fantastic location, friendly helpful staff on reception too. Would defintely visit again in the future. 
10073 Good points: location & price. The rest is terrible (!). Do not expect anything. Only sleep there and then get out asap. There is a really nice breakfast location just next to the closest MacDonald's btw. 
10074 Pleasant. Very pleasant. Clean room, nice bathroom and a fair price given the location and city of New York. 
10075 Wonderful front desk personnel. Smallish rooms, but this is NYC, afterall. Terrific location, lots of local restaurants and subway entry across the street. 4 blocks from Central Park. Would stay in this hotel every time I'm in NY. 
10076 I stayed at this hotel after their renovation. Everything was amazing, specially the service and the quality of the rooms. Room service is very prompt. The staff is amazing; i felt as if i was staying at a 5 star hotel. The manager is very friendly and is always available. 
10077 Incredibly clean! The rooms are small but the space is very organized. The location is great and I'd definitly stay there again. I stayed in a double bed room with bathroom so I can't give my opinion on the shared-bathrooms. 
10078 I absolutely love this hotel. The rooms are classy and marble bathrooms are a nice touch. One of my favorite things is eating in the Window's Lounge for some of the best people watching in Los Angeles. A little overpriced, but hey it's the Four Seasons! Would definitely recommend. 
10079 No complaints at all. Nice location; friendly staff; nice gym & pool. Will stay here again without hesitation. 
10080 Stayed on a business trip (someone else's money) so price was not an issue. A comfortable hotel; clean, friendly service and very convenient to midtown NY. 
10081 Perfect location. Executive room lovely and comfortable. Executive floor nice breakfast and wonderful appetizers, but really overpriced on a glass of wine. Tiny. Poo Great helpful staff. Overall. Excellent! 
10082 Always my choice when traveling to NY - a nice, warm and super convenient location. Within a reasonable taxi ride, this could takes us all the way to Meat Packing District or East Village - not to mention walking distance to Rockafellar. 
10083 Great swimming pool and sauna, with bar until the wee hours. Close to metro and times square, a great place to stay during a citytrip 
10084 Clean, quiet, friendly staff. Parking a pain....checked inch gave me the penthouse. About the size of a small bedroom. Comp. breakfast 2 doors down where new yolks finest were also dining. 
10085 hoewel de entree modern is, isde rest van het hotel zwaar verouderd; het belangrijkste argument het hotel te kiezen is de locatie, midden in het centrum. Verwacht van de kamers weinig luxe en comfort. 
10086 Loved it - we were right in the thick of NYC. Could see Times Square from our room. Staff were pleasant and were able to refer us to the local areas. 
10087 Great location, friendly staff, excellent concierge, clean, comfortable and nicely decorated rooms, and an over the top value for money. Stayed there for 8 nights during this christmas and couldn't have asked for more!! Highly recommended. 
10088 I loved the room and the service, the staff was very sweet I will be back soon!!! will share this hotel experiance with my family& friends!!!!!!!!! 
10089 Friendly staff, modern digs, clean up to date bathroom w nice toiletries. Starbucks lobby side. Nice boutique hotel, great location, frequent traveler. Sure to please, great value 
10090 Fantastic hotel locate nearby the subway, 5 Minutes walk by times square. Comfortable, silent, fresh and not so formal. Staff extremely kind with high sense of hospitality. What to say ! Perfect ! 
10091 Phillip and Felix helped make our vacation to New York the best ever!!! These two gentlemen went above and beyond to help meet our needs. The Roger is definitely a hotel I would recommend. The renovation is beautiful. The atmosphere of the hotel is warm and inviting. 
10092 If I had to stay in NYC and wanted to be by Time Square, this would be my choice 100% of the time! The staff was terrific and would try and please you! Food was great! 
10093 I stayed at the Marriott on business was pleased that there was valet parking. We had tremors from the earthquake and I was able to get back to the Marriott safely. Room was clean quick walk to ground zero 
10094 This is an excellent value for Midtown. It is close to Broadway and the subway. The staff was very polite,the room was clean and had with nice linens. I'm returning in December. 
10095 I loved this hotel. On my second day, the front desk person was greeting me by name. Nice bar to relax in after work and world class restaurant to entertain in each evening. I just need to make sure that I am put here, each and everytime I visit Houston. 
10096 + location + rooms neatly refurbished with good quality materials + free wifi - unprofessional front desk (service and smiles please!) - loud AC (old) - double bed too small for two people Verdict: ok but far from great. 
10097 We went down for an Oprah Show....didn't want to spend alot of money..but did want a decent hotel and location was at the top of our list...Loved it!!! Didn't use pool..so can't comment on that...Valet parking is expensive but oh so worth it!!! 
10098 Located perfect for all NY lovers. Very friendly, great service by very devoted staff. nice and convenient room even for a family. Quiet, the street noise stays out. The breakfast cost a lot - better to eat out. Internet available in room with extra money. 
10099 I chose the Sofitel from Tripadvisors recommendations and was not disappointed. Fabulous location, lovely 5 star bathroom nice room 
10100 the hotel had excellent service and was nicely appointed. place is eerily quiet on the weekends when the business district shuts down. 
10101 Uitstekend hotel wanneer je alleen overnacht.Eenvoudige lobby, maar uitstekende kamer(s),net gerenoveerd, met prima bedden,een koelkast en magnetron. Metro voor de deur en anders oa via Central Park lopen naar "het centrum".Ondanks gelegen op Broadway toch rustig. 
10102 Wife and I stayed four nights. Very convenient to Central Park, subway, reasonable walk or metro ride to Times Square, Broadway shows ( We walked). Would recommend. 
10103 As usual all Sheraton features are present. In addition a discount on food and beverage is offered when participating to the hotel green program which aims at limiting water spillage. I have been impressed by this green attitude. 
10104 Absolutely wonderful stay - quiet, clean, beautiful rooms and service. Would stay there again in a heartbeat! 
10105 en face central park avec une superbe vue. Pas tres bien insonorise, preferer un etage eleve pour la vue et le bruit. Ne prenez pas le petit dejeuner a l'hotel : trop cher. Chambre sympa, propre mais c'est vrai, un peu vieillote. 
10106 proche metro / quartier calme , tranquile, securisant / magasins a proximite / micro onde + cafetiere. climatisation bruyante / internet payant 
10107 I enjoyed the service!! Some people rate on the structure of the building, but for me, the most important thing is the service. I thought they were top notch! 
10108 Perfect location, Staff are attentive, good breakfast. 
10109 Had a nice stay here. Hotel very clean and nice location in Tribeca. Easy access to Broadway and restaurant decent as well. 
10110 The only thing to complain about was the room wasn't ready until after 5 pm when we checked in. The rooms were nice and clean. There was a mini fridge and microwave. Very convenient for walking to all the great attractions in Chicago. 
10111 con mio marito abbiamo scelto quest'albergo soprattutto per le recensioni positive e devo dire che non siamo rimasti delusi,la camera assegnataci molto pulita e confortevole,letto grande e arredamento ok. il personale cortese parla per lo pou inglese ma in qualche modo si comunica...ottima posizione! 
10112 Stayed at the Essex for two nights with the hotel football package. Our tickets were not with our friends as promised at the time of booking. The room we had was not real clean and the staff seemed not to care as they had our money in advance for months. 
10113 Very clean and modern hotel. Staff was courteous. Gym was nice and The Barking Dog restaurant affiliated with the hotel next door had great food and a nice little bar. Good atmosphere. Would stay here again. 
10114 The Hotel is amazing. We've had a wonderful room with great view to the Empire State building. Everything was clean, and people didn't have any attitude. It was my first time in NYC and when I come back I definitely will take the same hotel again. 
10115 I stayed at the hotel on the night of July 15, 2011. I was pleased with the cleanliness and service at hotel. 
10116 They updated the work out room and it was great. They have a trainer who I worked out with for a full hour at no charge! He was really good! The only thing I didn't like was room service food, but the food in the restaurant was really good. 
10117 Buen hotel elegante limpio y prolijo, pese a su edad. Buena opcion precio calidad 
10118 Ink48 was a great hotel to stay in. Every employee we encountered was so friendly and really went above and beyond. The room was great...pretty good size for NY and very clean. Overall, we loved it and would definitely stay again! 
10119 The hotel was very clean and very spacious. The service was wonderful and everyone was so curtious and polite. It didn't seem like a hotel stay, more like a home away from home. I highly recommend the Beekman!! 
10120 This hotel is fabulous. The staff is so nice and friendly. The rooms are great! You forget that you are in the heart of Harlem really! Places to eat are within walking distance. Would definitely stay there again. 
10121 Gracias a Flatotel , pase una lindas vacaciones, los mejores dias en este hotel. Es muy comodo, las habitaciones son grandes, el servicio excelente, las instlaciones son agradables.Lo mejor se encuentra cerca a todo, en una calle muy tranquila. Me encanto y lo recomiendo ampliamente. 
10122 Location, location, location! Couldn't get any better for what we paid. We would certainly repeat. 
10123 A one night stay in a nice hotel with a great view. The hotel is in the Gold Coast area, walking distance from Michigan Avenue. 
10124 Stayed there in 2009 2nd time to NYC best Hotel yet am going back in 2011 and will stay in this hotel again Fab location staff vey helpfull and it was clean. 
10125 This was a getaway with my husband. The location was perfect with Central Park right across the street, museums near by and many great restaurants to choose from. 
10126 In the heart of NY, this hotel is great for tourists, assuming its in your budget. The room was contemporary, clean and comfortable. The checkin / checkout took a long time and the staff was pretty stale. None the less, I had a great and comfy sleep! 
10127 This hotel is a joke! For $380 a night we got a musty-smelling room that was the size of a broom closet, one bar of soap for both the sink and the shower, and cheesy plastic cups. I have was stunned at the poor accomodations and low-budget amenities. 
10128 Stayed a Sun through Mon in June. Our upgraded room was clean and roomy enough, if spartan. Staff was efficient, water pressure good. We didn't really use the HVAC as temps were ideal, but it seemed a little funky. Our stay was quiet. Neighborhood seemed safe. 
10129 PROS: quick check in quiet hotel great AC CONS: no air on elevators no microwave in room rough neighborhood 
10130 We stayed here for two nights as we were meeting friends in NY. The location was perfect for our visit and transportation was a breeze. The rooms were nice, a little small, but completely functional. The staff were friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel, good price for location. 
10131 The hotel was wonderful, staff helpful, the pool was great for relaxing and having a few cocktails. One bad point, there is a strange smell in the lobby of the hotel. Valet was quick and attentive, hotel bar is excellent and food is wonderful! 
10132 Very nasty hotel, no wash clothes, mold in shower, carpet needs shampooing, whole hotel smell, dresser in room 806 broke, no AC. Room 814 very nasty, I have Asthma had to change rooms, that's how I end up in Rm 806. Their restaurant was dirty and nasty. 
10133 I couldn't ask for a better location. Between two major Subways. Takes you anywhere in just a few minutes. Rooms small, but who cares. YOUR IN NY.... 
10134 Great location and a nice tidy hotel, 5-10 minute walk from most of the midtown sights, including Top of the Rock, Times Square, Broadway, and Central Park. The Room had been recently refurbished, but not all the rooms in the hotel are so its worth asking at check in. 
10135 Reasonable service, reasonable and tidy room, reasonable price for Manhattan. Do not expect too much. Complains, I was charged extra 35% for leaving the room 3 hour late although it was not booked. Facundo. Buenos Aires, Argentina. 
10136 My new #1 NYC choice! Could not be more pleased with a stay at the Kitano. Impeccable accommodations--huge room even by non-NYC standards, gracious staff, was more reasonably priced than other properties I'd consider substandard to this. Can't wait to return! 
10137 We loved the Clarion, great staff very friendly, the rooms were clean and lovely. Perfect location. Close to most of the popular tourist attractions. Would stay there again. 
10138 If you can find another place go for it....Belle Claire was very disappointing. Semi-clean/filthy windows that didn't work....Room 702 Staff is friendly and helpful but I wouldn't stay here again. 
10139 This is the best hotel in NY. The staff is exceptional. I have stayed there at least 10 times [ in fact going back this week] and have never been disappointed!! Great location - GREAT staff. 
10140 Stayed here for a conference. The hotel room appeared to have been given a facelift recently. Everything was clean, the room was spacious, and the hotel personnel were very attentive. We are going back to Houston in a couple of weeks and plan to stay there again. 
10141 If you have to be in the medical center area for a reason, this is the perfect location. Service was great, only reason it got 3 stars was our ceiling looked like it had gotten wet at some point, and the texture was peeling off 
10142 We had a wonderful weekend at this hotel! The staff were fabulous and the rooms are comfortable and quiet. Only negative is lack of free wifi. Will definitely stay here on our next visit to NYC! 
10143 Had a 7 night break at this lovely hotel,All staff very friendly will be back soon 
10144 perfect location in NY, but the hotel in itself is very poor. Dated decor, unfriendly personnel, useless and grumpy concierge, VERY noisy air con, broken telly, no room service, broken down lift, the list goes on. Again, the location is perfect,but I would not recommend this hotel. 
10145 one of my favarit hotel .nice & cleen location is good 
10146 This was a business and extended stay with my wife everything was good except our room was very small and the bath room fixtures were old and leaked. 
10147 Lovley hotel, plenty to see within walking distance, broadway , 5th avenue central park. Spacious rooms, qiuet ,very clean. 
10148 Good hotel where everything wooks. Safe location, several pleasant restaurants nearby. Two metro stations in short walking distance. Staff weren't "overfriendly", but they helped when we needed to print tickets. 
10149 Been here 5 time and all I can say is truly awesome. Staff treat you like your the only customer food great position great!! AWESOME 
10150 We had a wonderful time at the Buckingham and were very pleasantly surprised at the size of the room and the amenities. We hope to stay there again on our next visit to New York City! 
10151 Wonderful service from the moment we arrived, large and luxurious room, large bathroom for new york with top of the range ameneties. Very comfortable bed. Breakast was one of the highlights - both fresh and tasty. Could not be in a better location and cannot wait to return next time. 
10152 It is very cheap, but it is in a very bad part of Houston, there are many crack dealers that live here and prostitutes. Its not safe at all. Please do yourself a favor and stay out of this area and the Red Carpet Inn behind it. 
10153 After amix up (not ours) in our hotel booking we found ourselves at the Park Central Hotel. A warm understanding welcome t three harasses travellers and good, quiet rooms. The conceirge staff were extremely helpful booked trips, tickets, booking the shuttle bus to JFK etc. Great position too. 
10154 The rooms were very clean and comfortable. They were not spacious, but on par with other New York City hotels. The staff was very friendly. Location was excellent. My friends and I went out to Greenhouse, which was one block away. The hotel is very close to the subway too. 
10155 I spent 5 days at this hotel and must say it was a delightful experience. Hospitality of EVERY STAFF MEMBER was an A+. The best hotel experience I have ever had. 
10156 Nice ,well appointed holet with an excellent resturant. the position is good being near the theaters and time square 
10157 Just what I was looking for: agreeable people, basic and clean accommodations, no glitz or pretense. My room had a private bath that was in perfect shape and spotlessly kept. Made me feel like I was young and back in Europe! 
10158 We spend four days here and had a very enjoyable stay. The hotel is in easy walking distance to many Theaters, Radio City, Rockefeller center and other Times Square attractions. The staff made us feel welcomed and was eager to make our NYC visit a great experience. 
10159 Great folks at the front desk and all were pleasant and helpful. Especially thoughtful and kind was Lindsie! Also to be mentioned is Auzzie who was really sweet! I would stay at the Bentley again just to see them! 
10160 We had a great time great location. For walking room and staff very helpful and friendly Good food in the restaurant 
10161 Great get away hotel for our family from Connecticut. Enclosed rooftop pool a top priority for kids, The Burger Joint comes in a close second. Staff has always been accomodating when asked for a favor. Perfect location, within walking distance to everything. 
10162 The Romanian guy at the front desk was incredibly rude, the rooms filthy and roaches running freely. Bathrooms were smelly and filthy as well. Stay away from this creepy dive. They prey on foreigners who are vulnerable. 
10163 We stayed at the Waldorf Nov.29-Dec.2,2003. We were treated great from the time we checked in until we left. Everyone was so helpful & nice- I can't wait to return in September!!!! 
10164 The bed was the most comfortable of any on our trip. Slept well every night. Loved how close the hotel was to everything we wanted to see. Didn't eat at the hotel at all because there were so many great, cheaper places near by. I would definitely stay here again! 
10165 Affinia Manhattan is my favorite hotel in the city. Spacious rooms, great location and the staff is always happy to accomodate my "high maintenance" requests. Don't even THINK about staying at another hotel! 
10166 New York is truly the cit that never sleeps. The wife and i were pleased with this hotel and recommend it to others. The location and convenience to restaurants and shops. It was also near my aunts which made it even more appealing. Clean and generous in space. 
10167 It's a great location with great views of the city/Lake Michigan. The lobby is really nice, but seems a little stuffy. The staff is wonderful and the rooms are comfortable (aside from the tiny bathrooms). We enjoyed our visit. 
10168 Vanaf Lincoln Centre (opera, balles, theater) is het maar 10 minuten lopen terug naar het hotel. De buurt Upper West side is een heerlijke buurt met bijna dorpse sfeer. Perfecte metro verbinding. Alle restaurants binnen 1 km. Enige punt: kamers zijn klein (maar wel schoon). Goed ontbijt en internet. 
10169 I had an awesome time. It's always good going back to my home town. 
10170 Found a great price on Hilton's web site. Rooms were nice size and very clean. A little bit of noise from the hall but not too bad. Staff was exceptionally nice. Block wasn't as bad as other reviews claim or I am just used to city life. 
10171 Our room was infested with beds bugs and my fiance and I received over 80 bites after just being in the bed for 4 hours. This hotel has no pest control measures in place and I caution anyone that plans to stay at this hotel. 
10172 This hotel offers good value for money with reasonably quiet, comfortable, clean rooms, some helpful staff and breakfast included. Lots of places to eat and drink nearby. Free wireless. Convenient for main stations and empire state (which you can see from the fire escape) 
10173 This place was amazing. Biggest room I've ever had in Manhattan, great location, very friendly and helpful staff, minimal effort to get checked-in and to your room. Dollar for dollar, I'm not certain you can find a better hotel in NY. 
10174 We loved everything about this hotel.....location, staff, room with the most comfortable bed I ever slept in (executive king), toiletries. Very close to Times Square, restaurant row, subway stops. We would definately choose the Belvedere again on our next trip to New York. 
10175 We arrived early and the front desk staff was outstanding in getting us into our room as soon as possible. The staff as a whole was informative and very friendly. 
10176 My wife and I stay here whenever we are in town, and it is always a great experience. Clean, quiet, and right in the middle of everything. Highly reccommended (and I am a nit-pickey traveler!) 
10177 Stayed there for my anniversary. Room was nice and staff helpful. The front desk gave someone the wrong room and they walked in on my wife & I. Think they got an eyefull. 
10178 Just stayed at this location this week, I can't say enough about how great the service was, great location. The rooms are small but most are small in NYC. Had a great trip and vert glad we chose this hotel. 
10179 We stayed here for three nights. Everything was great,the service, the help and most of all the LOCATION was the best. You really could not ask for better. Definatly stay here again. 
10180 The hotel is far away from the center of Manhattan but the subway is very close. The staff is very helpful. The room was nice but the airconditioning needs updating. They have old window airconditioners which sound like a lawnmower. 
10181 Well located within easy walking distance from restaurants, shops and sight seeing (Empire State etc.) Also conveniently close to the subway. The service was good and although rooms are on the smaller side (but nothing like London) it was very comfortable and clean. Can recommend it. 
10182 This is a great spot in the Meatpacking/Chelsea area for anyone that wants a step up from the McWyndamSuites, but without the soul-crushing irony-laden attitude of a place like The Ace. The rooms are a bit small, but it's close to everything and the staff there was awesome. 
10183 I have stayed at the four seasons 6 times in the past year and love this hotel It is perfect for business travellers, the rooms are big, luxurious and very comfortable. The hotel has one of the best gyms of any hotel in the world. 
10184 We loved it, has a nice large room. Everyone was very helpful and nice. We were close to everything! Walked to broadway, central park was right there...will stay here again. 
10185 The locations is great if ur visiting downtown. Subways (E and R lines) are just underneath. The furnishings are a bit old and air-cond and/or heater are super noisy at room 5001. 
10186 You get what you pay for. This hotel and it's staff will make your stay a lasting pleasant memory. Treat your spouse the way they are intended to be treated. 
10187 the only selling point for this place is probably its price and location, we got 30% off for 5+ nights.. the nights are rather loud from other toilets and street-noise and the rooms are everything but fancy..but it's still okey for a small budget and the location rocks. 
10188 Great ambiance particularly where guests get to mingle with other guests. Great position easy walk or subway to anywhere in manhattan. Can't wait to return there. A little bit expensive but worth it. 
10189 Very nice hotel with comfortable beds marble baths and very clean. Also robe, slippers in room plus ample toiletries. We enjoyed brunch and jazz the next morning. Quiet room for the city felt like a peaceful oasis near the Empire State Building. Would stay again. 
10190 Good location if you are off to the theatre 
10191 Scruffy area if not. Hotel not really luxury- dressed up to look that way but a little tired round the edges. Not a $330 experience 
10192 Tiny place. Just room for a "full" size bed, and about 18" on each side. Even finding a place to store a single suitcase was problematic. Smallest hotel room I have seen. That said, the place was clean, safe, and in a good area. 
10193 24.00 parking a bit much... breakfast eggs were horrible. I would stay again though. Price of hotel was good but they get you on the parking. Overall a nice hotel for the price. Good location. I would stay here again. Breakfast eggs could use some improving... 
10194 I stayed here in March after making reservation online. Inside an office building, on the top floor is a small private "hotel" with an awesome view of the lakeshore. Quiet, clrean, free access to athletic club and free breakfast in a private dining room. Loved it! 
10195 Stayed here 1 night w/ family. Great location close to Navy Pier & Michigan Ave. Room clean and spacious, great breakfast. Staff very helpful. 
10196 I stayed here with friedns for a wedding. Four of us stayed fairly comfortably in a suite for one night. I really liked how they were set up. We enjoyed ourselves and had no complaints. 
10197 Great location and clean room. The worst front office staff you can come across...no greeting, no welcome...they stare at you as to say " what are you doing here " 
10198 My associate and I stayed at this hotel in town for a week long training. The staff were very helpful and got to know us in a personal way. They went above and beyond. Veronika at the front desk was amazing! You all made the week fun. 
10199 da preferire per un viaggio alla ricerca della concretezza. vicino a time square,dietro ai battelli per le crociere notturne. la camera a me assegnata era grande e comoda. in sintesi da prendere in seria considerazione. 
10200 It's obvious the place has history - just go to the second floor and walk around unlit banquet rooms furnished with weathered leather, dark walnuts and smoke stained carpets. Might be a great place for a murder/mystery deal - but for you family and/or business travelers - not a chance. 
10201 Just a 3 minute walk from Times Square, the Belvedere Hotel is well situated for tourists or business persons. The hotel was very clean and had all the amenities required for a business individual. Service was great and the so was the front desk. I would definitely come back! 
10202 The history, character and surroundings met every expectation I had! Art, music, and characters everywhere. The furnishings were not cutting edge but still comfortable and inviting. And affordable! If you can, research the hotel and stay there! 
10203 I spent 2 nights at this amazing hotel with my husband for valentines day weekend. Every aspect was over the top and beautiful. We visited the lobby bar many times and the staff was attentive and professional. We will be returning very soon! 
10204 Dirty.... microscopic SMALL rooms maybe 50 square feet. 4 stars never maybe 1 if even. No air conditioning. Worse than any hotel I have ever stayed in. I wouldn't stay here again for free. 
10205 Our Family had a fabulous stay at the Ramada Houston Intercontinental Airport South. The rooms were like new! The pool was very refreshing! Breakfast was awesome! All the staff was exceptionally helpful and always smiling! This will be my place to stay when in the Houston area. 
10206 The location was pretty good. Close to the Subway. Times Square and 30Rock are less than a mile away. Overall a solid experience. Business center computers were not up to par. I would stay here again. 
10207 Comfortable room, great location, and you can watch the new Towers being built at Ground Zero. We have stayed there before and always find the hotel to be of a high standard. We got a great weekend rate too! 
10208 Hotel Chandler lig tussen Fifth Av. en Madison Av.in. Midden in Manhatten. Het is er erg rustig 's nachts. Al het personeel was zeer behulpzaam en aardig. De kamers erg schoon en ruim. Wij sliepen met 3 op een kamer. Allen waren wij zeer tevreden. 
10209 Another wonderful experience at this hotel. David, at the front desk, was so helpful. Spacious clean room with such comfortabe beds. Close to theaters. Easy walk to subway, restaurants and other attractions 
10210 For any solo traveller wanting and needing to save every dime for a well to do trip, this is the place. A secret. A gem. On the corner of West 38th Street 6th Avenue. No regrets. 
10211 Right in the heart of it all, had a great stay here at a fraction of the price compared to the surrounding hotels. The rooms are small, but well decorated and very cozy. Nice included breakfast as well. I will be staying here for any future trips to Chicago. 
10212 centrally located, nice size room especially for nyc. 2 queen beds and extra space in the room. The employees were very cordial. I would stay her again. 
10213 The service was very good the rooms were very nicely decorated with comfortable beds the hotel was spotless and there was a rather nice Back Gamon tournament going on while we stayed 
10214 Just couple of minutes from the airport and 10 mile to downtown 
10215 Great choice of hotel in a lovely mall location. Our six year old loved the two swans. The room was quiet and a great setup for two adults and a child. Breakfast buffet was very delicious. 
10216 i love this hotel so much!! at Christmas time the place is magic a true New York experience, ideally located on time square. every time i think of New york i remember the Christmas i had at this hotel. 
10217 The location is fantastic. A subway stop right around the corner. Room was cozy, but I was alone- so it was not a problem. I love the Bliss spa products! 
10218 From the moment we arrived we were impressed. The hotel was beautiful, clean, and the staff couldn't have been nicer. Our room was large and clean. The hotel was quiet. Located near the train so we didn't need to rent a car. I would highly recommend this establishment. 
10219 Friendly staff and a great location make this hotel my only choice in new York. The rooms are very big and it is nice to start the day with a continental breakfast. It is a short walk to many restaurants and to times square. 
10220 We've stayed at the Michelangelo numerous times and are always pleased: the quality of the rooms and amenities, the staff, the location, morning coffee, decor. The only thing I'd change is the fee for internet service; otherwise, perfect! 
10221 Hotel ok for the low budget. Near Union square: position ok. The room and the bathroom are clean. But we stayed in the hotel for 5 night and they never cleaned the room... 
10222 Super staff. Knowledgeable. Even have a concierge. Fantastic rooms. Great location. Great value. Good food at the complimentary buffet breakfast. Try I get a suite if you can, though they are limited in number. 
10223 My stay was great! The hotel is very upscale and trendy and in a wonderful location. A bit pricey but I would definitely stay here again. The room was comfortable, the bed was amazing and the service was first class. 
10224 A bit out of the way, but an excellent accomodation. 
10225 I travelled to NYC and stayed here with three friends!! Great location, great hotel, service was awesome. Would recommend this hotel to anyone!! 
10226 Great location. Lovely lobby. Fine rooms. DEEPLY unfriendly staff -- adversarial towards customers without an ounce of friendliness. Beware: internet is "free" but only with a cable -- for which they charge $10! In general, not a gracious place... 
10227 Great, resonably priced hotel. Rooms are small but clean and the staff is EXCEPTIONAL! Great location, away from the fuss and hassle of midtown. Good shopping, restaurants and near the park and subway. 
10228 Stayed there sort of last minute decision, was lucky enough to get a Warwick Suite, beautiful view, everything was nice, in particular room service! Every wish was granted, with a nice smile and perfect respect. Totally unexpectingly excellent experience. Thank you! 
10229 The staff and service at the Kitano are unparalleled. If you are looking for quiet and comfort in a fashionable hotel then this is the place. I will not stay anywhere else in NYC. 
10230 The front desk help and the manager were always very helpful and willing to make our stay as comfortable as possible.. W.Greer 
10231 en general por el precio el hotel llena las espectativas , aunque no deberian decir que desayuno continental esta incluido porque la verdad no hay variedad de alimentos es mas casi nada, al punto que preferimos desayunar afuera. 
10232 The location of the hotel is amazing, food great at Todd English, Suites amazing. Had a room on the 35th floor with 3 walls of glass over times square. Staff very friendly and accomodating. 
10233 Ok location near time square although next door is a parole office so felt a bit unsafe. Wifi is only in lobby which is a pain. Rooftop bar is cool but ask for lower level room as top floors can hear music and bass in room until 4am! 
10234 A poor approximation of a boutique hotel. Rooms too small. Neighborhood is in the middle of nowhere. In today's market, you can do much better for the price. 
10235 Stayed at warwick hotel end of june beginning july for eight nights. Found hotel staff pleasant and helpful. Room reasonably large and clean. Great location within walking distance of many attractions. Would definately stay here again. 
10236 I stayed at the Zaza Hotel, Houston, Texas. The place is so cozy and the staff are super friendly. The place makes you feel close to home. Very clean. The decor is so classy. Very presentable and will highly recommend to family and freinds. 
10237 El hotel Inn of Chicago tiene una bella decoracion muy moderna, estilo boutique a pesar de ser un edificio antiguo. Exelente atencion, ubicacion, acceso a restaurantes, tiendas, museos, transporte...super centrico. Simplemente ...EXELENTE. lo recomiendo 100%%%% 
10238 This has to be a total disaster. I would never stay there again. The rooms were really small and there were virtually no amenities. I woudl NEVER stay there again. It was a total rip off. 
10239 This is a very nice and comfortable hotel. The employee's are nice and helped me make my trip stress free and excellent. 
10240 Dirty rooms, dirty corridors. First night had a dark room with absolutely no light for more than 400 dollars, had to ask for a change... Room service extremely expensive for less than average quality. Will never come back 
10241 Hotel was great! Very clean and quiet. The hotel is pet friendly so we traveled with our dogs. Free breakfast was nice. Location was great easy access to subways. 
10242 Two nites at Le Parker Meridien. What a great hotel. Everything was perfect. Weekend rate of $160 for 41st floor overlooking central park. The rooms have all been redone and they're beautiful. If you like style you'll love this hotel. HIghly recommended. 
10243 The staff was very friendly.The room was very clean.Loved the views from our room!!!!! Right near Time square,but far enough to enjoy city view. 
10244 No doubt. Just go there. can't get better. Very stylish, very classy. "The Hotel" 
10245 Seafarers is not a fancy hotel, but it has a great location, rates and is always clean and well run. The staff are nice and by staying there you are helping a good cause. My choice for short visits to NYC. 
10246 Older high rise hotel. Much updating, but not extensive enough; much still feels really tired. Example, elevators have some cosmetic upgrades, but are still old and clunky with worm carpets and smoke smell. But certainly clean enough, desk staff friendly, okay location for business in the energy corridor. 
10247 Por lo tanto, no esperaras que ademas sea limpio y nuevo, no? Si buscas ubicacion y economia, ve aqui. Si lo que buscas es limpieza y habitaciones bien cuidadas, sigue buscando otros hoteles. 
10248 The room was very small...however this was our first trip to new York...and maybe the small hotels are like this. The hotel staff was amazing. Helpful and friendly. Everything was very very clean. This is the most important part of any trip for me! 
10249 Good location in midtown. The suites are spacious and good for family or group of friends at a reasonable price in a pricey town. Continental breakfast is included so you can start your day without looking for a place to drop $30 for a meal. 
10250 Stayed at the Michelangelo last weekend - a great place!! Beautiful decor combined with a great staff, great prices and a very quiet stay all added up to a trip to remember. We will return again next time we are in the city! 
10251 just the place for a quick stay in manhattan. close to the underground, close to the airports, hassle-free check in and out. rooms are small though, and shared bathrooms make it less than ideal for longer stays (or something bordering on romantic). no complaints though! 
10252 A nice hotel with an excellent location. We brought a group of 25 law school students and everything was ok (reservations, charges, invoices). Breakfast may get too crowded. 
10253 Has become my favourite hotel in the city. Attention to detail and service. Fun neighbourhood. 
10254 Great location, lovely rooms and the staff can't do enough for you. I was going out for a run and the doorman went and got me a bottle of water! 
10255 I've had a lot of business over the years in New York, and vacationed there as well. The London is now my hotel of choice for both. The rooms are great. The location is great. The staff is great. And the price is great. 
10256 An excellent hotel to stay in as it was located near all the main sights. There was a slight mistake about our booking but the problem was rectified very quickly. There was a also a place called Susie's nearby which served excellent breakfast! 
10257 The Hotel Metro is ideally situated for central New York. All of the staff including cleaners, bell and desk were extemely helpful. The rooms were very comfortable and the Free breakfast set us up for the day. 
10258 spacious, clean, great view, ... if i had a negative it would be, the bathroom was tiny, you couldn't get in the shower without closing the door and to close the door you had to fit between the sink and the toilet 
10259 Excellent hotel,efficient and pleasant staff. The location is right off Rush St, near the lake and and an easy cab ride into the Loop. The rooms are very nice with very good beds. What else could you ask for? 
10260 We stayed at the Plaza Fifty in July 2003. The hotel staff was very nice and let us check in 3 hours early. The room was very clean and a nice size. There was a microwave, coffee pot, and fridge in the room. I would definitely stay here again! 
10261 A lifelong friend and I stayed 4 nights at Casablanca and will return. Everyone very helpful, especially the doorman whose name is Al, I believe. Location superb, at Times Square but oh so quiet. We walked to theatres. Great to get continental breakfast and wine and cheese every day. 
10262 Great location close to subway and near Times Square. Room was clean and comfortable. Great service especially from Alexsa and Mirela at the front desk. Would definately stay here again. 
10263 Good location, nice enough hotel, staff good, food good would stay again. Deluxe room a bit small and the bathroom not great 
10264 This is such a funky hotel. Really nice time we had here. Fun staff - even if not attentive at times. Food was great. Foyer was happening, Free wifi. Thoroughly recommend this hotel - bring out your inner hipster! 
10265 I am a student who needed to find an inexpensive but safe hotel for my last weekend in the city. The Mave surpassed all of my expectations. Great location, helpful and smiling staff, wonderful bath products, complimentary robe, and comfortable bed! I loved my stay and truly felt pampered. 
10266 What a great hotel ! Location, price, service.....perfect. The waitstaff for the wonderful daily breakfast were the best....especially 'MO" who remembered us each day. Thank you Hilton for another great property ! 
10267 The Hotel was very clean, rooms were large and nicely done. Great amenities and the pool was also very clean and beautiful. Will definitely stay again when we travel to Houston 
10268 stayed there for a week while on business. one of my best stays in Houston area. great staff, great hotel, great ambience. I have nothing to complain about, really. Best part beside the hotel grounds, was the great surrounding restaurants. 
10269 Third stay there. A block from Times Sq. Lots of carry outs near by. Rooms very small. Bathroom small too, but well done. Breakfast basic with ceral and rolls. Coffee all day. Will stay there again because it's a good value. 
10270 Brian is NYC best doorman! Chris is a lively bartender, that pours a good drink. 
10271 Soho Grand hotel is a hip, trendy hotel in a great location. Excellent people watching, fun bar scene, great location for those of us who like to shop away from 5th ave scene. Rooms were small, but very clean. Staff friendly and courteous. Will definitely come again! 
10272 Much larger room than I expected, very quiet. Easy to get everywhere I wanted to go: park, theatre, museums. Staff was courteous and helpful. Cute touch with classic cartoons playing in the elevators. 
10273 Got up next morning with no electricity, no water and no apologies from any staff. 
10274 Great location and nice staff. The wall are a little thin and there is no restaurant, but otherwise a clean, modern place to stay in Midtown. I would stay here again. 
10275 If you are staying in NYC, stay here! Centered in Times Square has to be the best location. Although sleep can be a little hard especially on New Years! Great food and service, also very clean. Lastly, the elevators were probably what my kids liked the best;)! 
10276 Best location, and friendliest staff in the city. While the rooms were very, very small, the overall location was well worth it. When you walk out your door, there is fun, food, and drink to be had in any direction. The neighborhood is young and out going. 
10277 We stayed at the Hotel over the weekend of Oct 14, 2011. The hotel was old inside, rooms adequate size. Very nice accomodations near all shopping, restaurants, and sightseeing. Would definite stay here again. Staff could not have been more helpful ! 
10278 One of the few places a family of five can stay. It was so clean & the room was large for NYC! The service was great! Everyone was friendly & so helpful! I would highly recommend staying here (I actually already have to some family:)> 
10279 My wife and I very much enjoyed our stay at this hotel. The rooftop bar was very cool. Price was perfectly reasonable for NYC. We like to walk, so the distance from the subway was no issue. For those who prefer cabs, there are plenty 24/7. We'll be back. 
10280 Got stranded at JFK during nor'easter and got a room at Cassa purely by chance. Very nice accommodations, great staff, reasonable price. Just a few blocks from Times Square, theaters and Rockefeller plaza. This is where I will stay when I come to the city in the future. 
10281 Few words : Just to stay it was a great stay in Plaza Athenee New York. Nice room - excellent services - Cosy athmosphere. Nothing to say except excellent 
10282 I stayed here for three nights recently and loved it. The room was clean, spacious (and not just by New York standards), lovely bath products, comfy bed and a fantastic free breakfast. The staff were friendly and welcoming too. I'd definitely stay here again. 
10283 Such a great experience in Chicago! definately the Windy City, especially in November. Very close to Navy Pier where there is alot going on in the fall.Very close to downtown. The managers meet and greet was very fun every night. 
10284 Great location. Stayed in room 1303, although not large, nicely updated and clean. Service in the lobby bar a bit slow and waiters disinterested. 
10285 This hotel - though located in a more quit area than midtown west - is great value for money. The rooms are not big but comfortable and clean! Unfortunately most taxi drivers don't know that this hotel is now the Tudor Hotel, so ask for the Crowne Plaza at 42nd... 
10286 The hotel was fantastic, stayed for seven days and never had a problem>. Rooms were cleaned on a daily basis and the staff were very polite. It is also a prime location, and being on the 43rd floor the noise was limited. would recommend to anyone. 
10287 I stay in many Choice Hotels during the year. This is one of the nicest and the best Sleep Inn I've been Inn. The larger shower is nice. Spacious suite. Friendly and helpful staff. Clean and new. A nice night. 
10288 this place was the best we had a great time the kids love the staff they were very helpfull. 
10289 Great location across from the Central park and very nice personnel. 
10290 Had a great stay at this hotel. Lots of tourist. Room was great, but if you like a nice cold room, the a/c wasn't working right even though maintenance checked it. Great breakfast and lounge bar. 
10291 We stay here every year for a tennis tournament, and love it. The rooms are always clean and the service is excellent. They also accept pets, which is a must for us. Dee, our server in the restaurant, was fantastic! We would come back just for her. 
10292 A nice, brand new, up to date hotel located ont eh edge of Harlem. It is 15 minutes walk to Columbia campus. People there very nice. Rooms very comfortable. I found some good rates on the hotel website. 
10293 Great hotel, food pricey and slow elevators. But overall nice room and polite help. 
10294 My accommodations were great only enhanced by the friendly check in provided by Imran. The location is very cconvenient to the broadway shows and excellent restaurants and tours. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. It is also close to transportation. 
10295 The service is always great, the room service is respecting the privacy of the guests. The rooms are very clean and comfortable. The concierge is excellent and give good advices. The location is perfect. 
10296 I stayed there March 6-8 2012. The service and people were excellent. I had an issue with my toilet and they came as soon as I hung up the phone. Food was good. Location was good also. I would stay again. 
10297 We stayed here for four nights and really enjoyed our stay.The location is excellent - just across the road from Grand Central Station so we could get anywhere we wanted easily. The staff are excellent -really friendly and helpful and nothing was too much trouble. Would definitely recommend this hotel. 
10298 Take a great boutique hotel, add a super staff and a good rate, equals one great experience. 
10299 Stayed there only one night in Nov - thank goodness, the room was so small, I wont rush back. 
10300 This was such a fun hotel --- super helpful staff, happening wine hour, hip-feel, just fabulous. The rooms are modern and clean. Mine had an unbelievable view of the city and the Empire State Building. Absolutely loved this place. 
10301 Great location if you want to be in the middle of it all.. nice, BIG soundproof rooms, good service, wonderful ammenities, beautiful bar, it's like being in your own little world right in the middle of it ALL! ENJOY! 
10302 The hotel was very clean and the staff super nice.the only thing I didn't like was the beds were a little hard.great place downtown for a nice weekend getaway everything is just a cab ride away which the staff will get for. 
10303 Prima hotel. Vriendelijk personeel. goede kamer, elke dag keurig schoongemaakt. Direct bij metrostation, je bent zo in downtown of elders. Volop supermarkets en eetgelegenheden in directe omgeving. Goede prijs/prestatieverhouding. Kortom:een aanrader ! Wij verbleven er 11nachten en hadden geen klachten. 
10304 7 Nights at the Omni in April, great location and was very quiet. Close to Central Park and transport, would stay again without a problem. 
10305 My family and I enjoyed a night in the city at the Swissotel. The hotel staff was very helpful and professional and the rooms were beautiful. My kids enjoyed the pool, hot tub and great view of the city. The Swissotel is a great place to stay! 
10306 We were looking for a comfortable hotel in a central location and this accommodation was great value for money with a good sized bedroom and friendly helpful staff. Would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a central location in New York. 
10307 We found the Novotel a great central point for all attractions and transport. We had a superior room and it was worth the extra money for the space. Our friends had a standard room and it was a lot smaller. Friendly helpful staff. 
10308 My husband and I spent the weekend here as a mini-vacation. Great location, very clean and comfortable room, fabulous restaurant (Eighty-One) on the premises. Enjoyed the old-world charm of the place. 
10309 This is a gem of a hotel. Excellent service, beautiful rooms, fantastic location and charming dining options. For business, it's spectacular. I can't wait to book my stay with my family for leisure travel. 
10310 The room is tiny and smell like mold. Most of all, the toilet is broken. I'm very upset with the choice I have made. 4 Star is over rated for sure. 
10311 The mandarin oriental was a beautiful place to stay on a first trip to New York City. Absolutely luxurious! Right in the midst of Columbus circle. Only steps away from Central Park, and Columbus Circle shopping. I would recommend visiting the pool-great views! 
10312 Just to endorse others' positive comments -- our room was spacious enough for our family of four; the beds and bedding were high quality, and the staff were courteous. Despite being next to the elevator, the room was very quiet - almost no street noise whatever. 
10313 Solo puedo decir maravillas de este hotel. Un hotel bien situado, ambiente cercano y discreto, limpio, servicios completos, amplias habitaciones. Se lo aconsejo a cualquier persona que vaya a Nueva York. 
10314 We have just returned from a week at the recently renovated Pierre. The hotel is magnificent and we have never experienced such incredible service before. The rooms and amenities exceeded expectations. 
10315 This hotel is in a perfect location for theater, restaurants, shopping. It may need a little sprucing up, but it is quite comfortable. The staff was very helpful. Even upgraded my room. The bed was very comfortable and the room, spacious. The doorman and bellmen were extremely courteous. 
10316 Nice hotel in a good location. I would not recommend the breakfast buffet based on price. My wife and I had the breakfast buffet at a cost of $66. Room and bathroom small but clean. The bed was very comfortable. Would recommend to others. 
10317 Very good location, 2 mins walk from Times Square. Room was much bigger than I expected, we managed to get a room with a view of Times Square. Very good value for money. 
10318 Im very satisfied especially with how easy it was checking in and out,,, 
10319 I would comfortably recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to New York. Noise was NOT a problem during my 3 day stay. Elevators were NOT a problem. I have no complaints. Thank you and kudos to the staff of this fine hotel. 
10320 Amazing place, fantastic location and awesome staff. Well worth a visit. 
10321 Nice positioned hotel, clean, with free borrowing of cds and dvds from the reception. Nice. 
10322 Well, we used to love this hotel, but we were just overcharged $226 on our bill, and an employee stole from our minibar and we are being charged for it. When we called to talk to a manager we were only given extremely rude workers and told to wait. 
10323 I usually stay here when I come back to my hometown and the staff always makes me feel like a king! 
10324 It's a little dingy with a "Shining" feel to it, but pretty good for the price and location. It's a few blocks from Times Square. Nice hotel bar. Reminds me of a local dive bar. Above all, LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION. I would stay here again. 
10325 Doesn't look much from outside but was a brilliant find for our two nights in New York. Rooms aren't huge but kind of what you expect in city centre. Location is amazing with times square two mins away and a station across the road to catch the underground. 
10326 great value and fab location, no frills but at the end of the day you will be out most of the time. 
10327 The hotel is in a great location in River North. Plenty of bars and restaurants all around. Staff were very friendly and attentive. Gym facilities were great with great views. 
10328 I went to a conference an the people serving us stole my heart. They were very helpful, friendly and happy. 
10329 Of all the doormen in all the cities in all the World the Paramount Hotel has the best of the best of doormen in BRIAN! 
10330 Room was VERY small. All of the furniture was covered in dust. Bathroom was dirty. 
10331 Nice size room. The bathroom was small and the water pressure was low. The hotel's parking was pricey ($40). Great location. Overall, I enjoyed my stay there. 
10332 Dont know how, but I was granted a VIP PASS, for free access to cookines, drinks, wonderful place, the hotel is not BRAND NEW, it is not elegant, BUT HAVE A GREAT LOCATION, in the middle of the Michigan avenue 
10333 Pros: New 100% non-smoking hotel; friendly front desk staff; clean and comfortable rooms; good city views from the floors 16-31. Con: Slight elevator noise due to the north-facing rooms being built around the elevator shafts. 
10334 The lobby was very charming and the rooms were confortable. Not overly opulent but I would stay there again in a heart beat. 
10335 A small jewel in the city just off Broadway. Perfect location. I much prefer this type of hotel to the huge mega tourist type. Polite staff, clean rooms, could use better lighting for putting on make-up, etc. But all in all, very pleasant. 
10336 Great double room on the 25th floor. Cute doormen! Good bed, nice restaurant 
10337 Great place, dont have one complaint. Rooms were very clean, and bathrooms huge! Bathrooms were beautiful. Loved it must go back. 
10338 Good location in Midtown. Room simple modern and comfortable. I like the eclectic bar with a french european old world funky feel. Depending on rates would stay again. 
10339 The hotel exceeded our expectations. We were pleasantly surprised to find it as comfortable as it was. The front desk was always fully staffed and all the employees were helpful and polite. Loved it and will definitely stay there again. 
10340 Loved New York and this hotel was great. Was in a very good location, close to everything. The breakfast was great and the room very clean and a good size, staff were amazing and helpful. Overall had a very good stay here. April 2010. 
10341 Awesome hotel with very cool staff. Stayed for three nights and wish I had stayed longer. Will return. Thank you very much. 
10342 Warning, the hotel is undergoing renovation and there is constant construction noise (drilling, hammering, etc.) during the day on many of the floors. Given the vacancy rates in Houston these days, it is better to choose a different hotel. 
10343 From day one on a great experience. A great care of the details...from the reception to the rooms (including a most confortable bed!)...to the health club...or breakfast with breathtaking views. All of this in a great location while projecting serenity. Our best hotel experience in NYC. Highly recommended. 
10344 This was a trully amazing experience. I love soho, i think its the best part of nyc. The mercer is much better than local competition (thompson, soho grand) and has one of the best restaurants in the area. Try the shrimp salad, its the best we ever had !! 
10345 Spent the night, before an early flight. Limited meal selection, but the waiter was super nice. 
10346 I'm a frequent guest and I love the greetings and friendly smiles when I walk in. 
10347 stayed for few nights on honeymoon, got a tiny room on 16th floor, hotel and room pretty average, price was ok, location was really good though 
10348 Das Hotel war sehr zentral gelegen, direkt an einer Subwaystation, was sehr praktisch war. Die Zimmer waren sehr sauber und das Personal sehr freundlich. Wir hatten Zimmer im 23. Stock, dass war sehr gut, da man so direkt auf den Central Park blicken konnte. 
10349 It took awhile for the staff to finally realize they had a room available but overall they were very helpful and accommodating. Great location and views from the top. Hotel was very high end and clean. 
10350 hotel belvedere el hotel esta muy bien hubicado,tiene buen personal,habitaciones confortables y el hotel esta muy cerca de las principales atracciones de new york. EL HOTEL ESTA MUY BIEN HUBICADO,TIENE BUEN PERSONAL,HABITACIONES (time square,5av,central park). recomiendo el hotel desde brazil,rio de janeiro juan medina buen viaje para todos !!!! 
10351 persone molto gentili, abbiamo trascorso una settimana con i nostri tre bambini. Antonella ed i suoi colleghi sono stati molto familiari e ci hanno rivelato aspetti quotidiani di NY. Facile accesso ai quartieri di "downtown" e metropolitana comodissima per raggiungere qualsiasi destinazione a Manhattan. 
10352 Really nice hotel with free wifi and HBO. Easy to park right across the street. 
10353 The Blakely is in a wonderful location with easy access to Central Park, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, and subway. The concierge service is top-notch. The rooms are handsome, comfortable and clean. I can't wait to return. 
10354 Nice hotel, good location and very friendly staff. Complimentary breakfast is a bonus - not very common in NY. We had a very pleasant stay, except for the first night - rooms facing Watts st are noisy! 
10355 My boyfriend and I stayed here for 4 nights at the beginning of May. Location and room size were great. Staff were very friendly and helpful. A real find for the price - Highly recommended! 
10356 Perfect location of the hotel at Times Square and nice staff at least at the reception in comparison to very small and inconvenient room. - (room without a table, so we couldn't use the laptop properly). The bathroom clean but small and orderly equipped. 
10357 Nice hotel. Quick service, nice people, comfy rooms. Good location close to subway. Good if traveling with kids. Just plan on being in room by 9, streets crazy after that. Nice pool area. Good breakfast 
10358 was in Houston on business & stayed here for 2 weeks, food is good, bar is great, had a very nice stay. 
10359 The Staff were very efficient, professional, pleasant and knowledeable. We would definitely recommend this Hotel. It is centrally located and within walking distance to many attractions. 
10360 Heres the long and short of it .Was here on business Wonderful loc for theatre door and bell staff were very attentive upon checkin and departure. Front desk needs to be re- trained. rooms fantastic to tech savvy nice hotel but not 5 star. 
10361 Damaris (at the Front Desk) was wonderful as were other staff at the Front Desk - this hotel is definitely worth a repeat visit. 
10362 A very smart and clean hotel in an excellent location. Just 10 minute walk from Times Square. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Rooms weren't massive but we were out all day 'til late. Had a fridge and coffee maker in the room. Would go back again. 
10363 No frills hotel but clean and safe. Our room was on the 8th floor with a bit of a river view And small but we spent so little time in the room that it didn't matter. Staff was friendly and helpful. 
10364 I stay at many hotels in New York. I like the Affinia a lot, especially because the location is near my clients. Rooms are a bit dated and one of the elevators was down for a while while i was there. But otherwise no complaints. 
10365 Located a block away from the subway in a pleasant neighborhood, the location is excellent. Can walk to many museums. Staff friendly and helpful and seemed to care about your experience. Room was small but completely quiet with nice shower. Climate control system worked well. Breakfast adequate. 
10366 Yotel in NYC is a great option for travelers in New York, Manhattan. It has a good return over the investment, excellent and friendly crew services. Overall, Yotel offers clients with a creative solutions and amenities. I strongly recommend it. 
10367 Very centrally placed hotel on Times Square.....bed so comfortable I wanted to bring it home. Very clean and luxurious. one tiny gripe, maybe they should upgrade their toilet paper for such an upmarket hotel it was cheap rubbish.Also free wifi would have been good. 
10368 Great location, good views, large clean well appointed room. Exceeded expectations Happy to stay he again. Staff. Very friendly and helpful. Loved it 
10369 Hotel was very nice. Beds are wonderfully comfortable. Location is terrific--walking distance to Central Park, all Broadway Theaters, an easy cab ride from Penn Station. Highly recommend it! 
10370 I stayed two nights for business travel. The room was very nice and the bed and pillows were excellent. Some of the best sleep I've had while traveling. 
10371 A good rate for this area of Chicago. Clean and very polite and helpful staff. The best part of this hotel is the location. Right on Rush St. so tons of great restaurants. Walking distance to a great deal of the best attractions and really close to the Mag Mile. 
10372 Very clean. Friendly staff at front desk. Short walking distance to Penn Station and subway stops. Very quiet considering its in mid-town Manhattan. I like that they wash all bed coverings. I will stay here again on my next trip to NYC 
10373 Room size is nice. Bathroom a little rough and needs upgrade. Wireless Internet has been unavailable all day. Called to get an item in the room replaced or fixed and that request has been ignored. 
10374 It is centrally located..... clean motel. Service was great. 
10375 The Hampton Inn at Times Square is the perfect location for Broadway Plays, shopping and sight seeing. The staff couldn't have been any nicer or more accommodating. Breakfast was terrific and the rooms were spacious. The concierge service was outstanding. We will definitely stay here again. 
10376 Great hotel. Very cool styling, beds comfy and bar cool. Only gripe is the breakfast isn't all that. The park is a lovely place to sit and chill also. 
10377 As an airline crew member I stay here very often. Great location and amazing breakfast! Three days out of the week they have great dinners. Unfortunately the staff is less than friendly and rarely go out of the way to make their customers happy. 
10378 Overstated by lots of Irish reviewers. Rooms small. Quite basic. Good location, next to Grand Central station. 
10379 Hotel Icon was great!! This is the only place to stay in Houston!!! If you are looking for a experience of a live time the Hotel Icon is it!! 
10380 Weinig op aan te merken en niet duur. Heerlijke kamer met koelkast, grote tv, airco en nette badkamer met toilet. Locatie is perfect en ook het personeel was erg vriendelijk. Ik kan dit hotel echt iedereen aanraden! 
10381 Wonderful "old world" style hotel. The room was bigger than most with a very nice soaking tub in the bathroom. The staff was friendly and helpful. Great location. 
10382 Good, clean hotel, nothing special. Price too high and service is not worthy the name 'Hilton'. 
10383 love this hotel.from the entrance to the postcard on my pillow, perfection. 
10384 The hotel has a great central locations. The rooms are furnished in a crisp modern style. The beds are extremely comfortable and I slept great. Everything was clean and the staff was courteous. It was a great deal for the money. 
10385 Bra lage, bra pris, rena (sma) rum, frasch toalett (finns ej pa rummet dock). Kul med TV for varje sang... Bra service i receptionen, kan boka turistfaller direkt fran hotellet. Skulle kunna bo dar igen. 
10386 basic, but clean, a great location and the staff are really freindly. the hotel is a little shabby, in nee d of a bit of a refurb, but for no frills and a great base you can't go wrong. a little noisy, but to be expected. would stay here again 
10387 I had a great experience at this hotel the staff was very helpful and friendly, great location the rooms are small but you dont go to the city to sit in your room even late at night they have a bar right in the lobby. 
10388 I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. Our room was larger than I expected and had amazing NYC views. You can walk or take the nearby subway to anywhere in the city. Staff was very helpful with suggestions and maps. 
10389 We enjoyed staying here. It was only a 4-5 block walk to Times Square, but it was away from all the hustle and bustle. A Starbucks and a subway station were right at the same corner. The rooms were clean. 
10390 Se dovessi tornare a New York non ospitato da amici tornerei in questo hotel, cortesi e disponibili, anche se capita che si incasinino ACCETTANO LA POSTE PAY, ma comunque chiamate prima nel dubbio. Alla reception parlano correntemente anche lo spagnolo. 
10391 Great room and comfortable lobby. Managers made sure customers are fully satisfied. Strong recommend for business trip. 
10392 Don't waste your time - gross! We never unpacked - moved into the LaQuinta @ Grand Parkway! 
10393 Albergo comodo, tranquillo e vicino a Times Square. Pulito anche se le stanze non sono molto grandi ed il bagno avrebbe bisogno di essere ammodernato. Nel complesso ci siamo trovati molto bene. Metro a poche centinaia di metri. 
10394 Stayed here to staff a business event. I found the room to be comfortable and very nicely appointed. No complaints whatsoever. Staff was great and promptly accommodated my request for an early check in. Would stay here again without hesitation. 
10395 Beautiful building & rooms, spotless, wonderful view, friendly & helpful staff and a great location. Oh! Those down & feather pillows and the plama tv's! You almost want to just stay in your room! Can't wait to visit the Millenium Hilton again. 
10396 We have stayed here several times and it never disappoints. Rooms are large for NYC, have couches and great city views. It is pricy (getting a room for under $400 should be considered a deal), but what hotel in the heart of Times Square isn't expensive! 
10397 The view of the city was very nice. Everything was walking distance and just loved the room was beautiful. My wife and I purchased the romantic escape package they offered and with that came with a beautiful breakfeast every morning and some oils and other little nice things. 
10398 A small friendly great located hotel in NYC at a good price. 
10399 Great location, great staff (very friendly and helpful), and very comfortable bed. Only complaint is that there was recurring static on my television and sometimes when the heat when on and off there was a clicking noise. But overall, I would stay here again. 
10400 Clean hotel, located in Financial District. Good service, we had a check-in at 11:00AM instead of 3:00PM; Green Hotel (environmental) Very good price for Manhattan hotel (112$ US +tx) Construction noise due to the 9/11 memorial site No Bedbugs 
10401 ...almeno fino alla fine dei lavori della nuova stazione metro in costruzione proprio davanti all'hotel! Il rumore assordante e continuo di giorno ma soprattutto di notte hanno reso la nostra permanenza in questa struttura un vero supplizio. La mia personale recensione e' quindi pessima a prescindere da tutto il resto. 
10402 Stayed for 5 nights right after Christmas and everything was great. Rooms are very spacious and the view of the statue of Liberty is unbeatable. Room service was prompt and delicious. At the restaurant I had a wonderful steak. Great concierge services, Raquel in particular. 
10403 The hotel was welcoming and extremely clean. Our room was fresh, clean, nicely decorated, and comfortable. I had a great night sleep on a wonderful bed. The room was spacious for a New York Hotel. I would definitly go back there again. 
10404 No complaints here, I got a very cheap deal off Priceline. The rooms are big and the staff friendly and helpful. A nice breakfast and a decent sized pool. It's a little way out of town but quite straighforward to get to downtown Houston. I'd recommened it. 
10405 Great hotel great price great location believe me I'm a working class lad took my girlfriend and daughters it was spot on far too many complain about this hotel I will be back so don't be put off ) 
10406 Room was clean and spacious but the wifi a bit on the slow side. Remember to reserve some time for the breakfast as most hot things are prepared for you. Not in the meaning that they are slow, but it is worth using the time on an excellent breakfast. 
10407 This Hotel is beautifully located in an almost park like setting. The Lobby and common areas are richly appointed but still comfortable and inviting. Our room was beautifully furnished and comfortable. The Staff was polite and attentive. I can highly recommend this hotel. 
10408 Stayed here with family or four nights over weekend. Extremely busy in New York bu this is probably normal. Excellent room, clean and quiet with view of Hudson river. Staff very helpful. Would stay her again. 
10409 Interesting neighborhood away from Times Square Modern design Floor to ceiling windows Tiny, cozy room Cool, urban feel Room service sushi 
10410 Overall this is a fantastic hotel with nice clean basic rooms, friendly staff and a great location. Would stay again. It is unusual now a days to have to pay such high charges for Internet but they do let you print off boarding passes free. 
10411 Enjoyed the modern design of the aesthetic And the alternative service by staff in checking in. Rooms are modern and comfy. one draw back, it's pretty noisy even at higher floors, I realize it is NYC but other hotels are just a bit more tranquil 
10412 Ontbijtruimte is inderdaad klein maar je kunt je broodje, fruit,etc. mee naar de kamer nemen. (ontbijt is beperkt). Het personeel probeert het je op alle mogelijke manieren naar de zin te maken en is vriendelijk. 
10413 Had been on a hectic business visit, and just wanted a place where i could get pure comfort in busy streets of new york. Radisson M was the place....I loved the place and ambience...Hotel was kind enough to offer me free breakfast for 4 days, and the food was awesome... 
10414 Great Hotel HUGE by NYC standards good beds clean nice and well taken care of ! all in all a very good hotel A word of Warning aboutr "black cars" vs taxis taxis are usually WAY cheaper and metered please please if you have any questions ask your bellman. 
10415 Nice, clean, courteous however small. Reasonable rate for a Friday night stay. Nice location if you like real busy area, not big on Times Square myself. Comfy bed, tidy room, recently redone from what I could determine. Id return if the rate were inticing enough. 
10416 Love this hotel. The front staff is excellent and always make me feel welcome. Hotel is in a great upper west side neighbor hood near subway. On the Ave is my home away from home 
10417 Love this hotel. Great staff, great location. The concierge is very helpful. Front desk people care. 
10418 Booked this hotel through Priceline and was very happy with the results. The rooms (we had 3 with family) seemed very spacious for NYC. The beds were comfortable and the location was good. I would stay here again, anytime I'm in NYC. 
10419 Great rate, location, service and staff was very knowledgeable! 
10420 a little expensive, but overall great hotel and great location. Stayed there a few nights and my 10 year old son was treated with milk and cookies every night, service was impeccable. very clean and soundproof rooms. definitely recommend and would probably stay there again. 
10421 Estuvimos a fines de junio y principios de Julio... Lo unico bueno es la ubicacaion, pesima atencios y habitaciones viejas 
10422 My wife and I recently stayed a night at the The Belvedere. It was clean, quiet and safe. It is in a great location, close to the theater district and great restaurants. Easily accessible by the subway. We highly recommend it. 
10423 For the price this accomodation was excellent, the staff couldnt do enough to help. The room was clean and modern. I would not recommend for families with young children as the rooms are a little small. 
10424 This is a nice hotel if you want to stay close to Town and Country and City Center. Its very modern. Only downside is you can hear your neighbors. Also ask for a room with view of city center...otherwise you will stare at a building.. 
10425 This Hotel is very very good and the Staff is very friendly :) i would recommend this anytime. Can't wait to go again. It's just a around the corner from Time Square and has loads of pubs close by. 
10426 Spacious room, very comfy. Helpful staff in providing subway map and directions for dinning. Attentive wait staff in lounge. I will recommend to friends in Colorado. 
10427 We LOVE the Renaissance. We have been staying at this hotel for the past 3 years. Every time we visit NYC, this is the hotel we stay at. The rooms are nice and large. You can't beat the location! 
10428 Great location, comfortable hotel room for 3 people. No problem with bathroom for average size people! Fantastic view of Chrysler building from hotel room.Overall a great find in new york for a first time visitor :) 
10429 Stayed for two nights for a business meeting in September. This is a very nice property. I stayed in a junior suite which was very spacious. Beds were very comfortable. 
10430 Radisson Martinique is a perfect hotel, in a very good location. The staff is helpfull, I recomend to someone will visit New York. 
10431 We have stayed in many hotels, and Affinia Gardens is one of the best,rooms are spacious,great value, homey and a staff that makes you feel at home...always there to help...we will be back.. 
10432 zeer mooi hotel, mooie lobby, mooie kamers. vriendelijk personeel en zeer goed gelegen! 
10433 The location is great, just off 5th ave. Price includes coffee and muffins in the lobby in the morning...coffee is not good....muffins great. Clean, warm and good sized rooms. 
10434 I spent a weekend at the hotel. The rooms are small but nicely decorated and clean. Much better than other small hotels in the city. Very well located in the upper west side. I would come back to this hotel. 
10435 Great location. Systems plus staff made the in/out experience completely 'frictionless' and fast. Room and bathroom were smallish but well appointed for the traveler who simply wants 'just enough' amenities for those not expecting to spend much time there other than sleeping, showering, changing, etc. I would definitely return. 
10436 The hotel is located in between soho and little italy so you get the vibes of both areas! Good service. 
10437 - the air conditioning was way too loud. it was really hard to sleep with all that noise. we stayed for 3 days and we didn't sleep well. The location was excellent and there were no bed bugs. 
10438 Very Nice hotel with excellent location in the heart of manhattan.. Very good service, very nice team.. And above all, very calm!! 
10439 The lack of hospitable receptionist and $1 per 2.4 minute stay beyond due checking out time ( i.e $40 USD per 98 minutes), deteriorate the strategic site of the city. So unless you are insensitive to hospitality and over charging, I don't recommend this hotel. 
10440 I really enjoyed our stay at The London. The suite was beautifully decorated and the bathroom had top of the line fixtures including a rain shower. We had a package which included breakfast each morning, the breakfast was very nice. Excellent mid-town location. 
10441 Our Hotel stay was fantastic from beginning to end. the hotel staff were all superior especially Catherine, who did everything to make sure all our needs were met. Would definitely recommend and plan on staying here again. 
10442 Great location, great staff and great cleaning staff. Restaurant attached is very good. Highly recommend! 
10443 THe front door is literally steps from the ACE canal street subway stop and one block to the franklin stop. We liked the neighborhood and the number of restaurants and coffee shops nearby. The staff was very friendly and had good suggestions for food and help with transportation. 
10444 Clean very nice rooms. Little pricey but understandable for location. Staff helpful and friendly. 
10445 Our stay was to celebrate my husbands 40th. After reading some of the recent reviews I began to feel a little anxious and considered changing hotels. However, to my relief the hotel was beautiful, the staff were extremely helpful and the location was perfect! 
10446 Staff is very welcoming and accommodating. Great bar on site and the rooms are very clean and quaint. The bed was super comfy with over sized pillows and a down comforter. Great location in a nice part of the city, lots of juice bars near by too 
10447 Praticamente in centro, quasi di fronte al MOMA, vicinissimo alla 5th avenue e a central park. L'albergo ideale dove alloggiare qualche giorno ed essere vicino a tutto. Accoglienza e camere eccellenti come in tutti gli Hilton, aria condizionata altissima e macchine del ghiaccio nei corridoi. Fantastico. 
10448 Couldn't ask for more! Location, customer service, rooms and more exceeded my expectations. Only gripe is with the small shower. Enjoyed having a kitchen and was able to prepare meals. Appreciated the after hours security checks. I will be a repeat customer. 
10449 just stayed for only 1 night. enjoyed the hefty breakfast, the room is clean. no complaint. 
10450 This hotel is clean and the staff is pleasant and courteous. The views from the rooms on the higher floors are phenomenal. The bar is rooftop and offers magnificent views of the skyline. The downstairs restaurant is delicious. 
10451 Excellent rooms combiner to hospital we were having surgery!! Gave us a first floor room to accompany our next day surgery. Only drawback was the breakfast, not so good! Staff was friendly and helpful. Would stay here again. 
10452 Stayed here while visiting carnegie hall show. Rooms are very clean, bright colors, welcoming,small bathroom but everything worked. In room coffee, little kitchenette. Tv didn't work but it was only for checking the news, so not a big issue.bed and linens were very comfortable. Will stay here again. 
10453 I stayed at your hotel in April of this year for Business. The service was phenomenal, the rooms pleasant and your fitness room was above expectations. When I go back to the Houston area, I plan to stay at your Hotel again. 
10454 Clean hotel room and very courteous staff. Nice cafe next door to get breakfast. Takes about 10 minutes to walk to Times Square. Would stay here again. 
10455 was very nice. Great new spa. Great location. Loved the Bentley! 
10456 The matresses are hard as the floor. Very uncomfortable to sleep. The pipes squeaked all night. The hotel hallways are very scary and looks like the Tower of Terror at Disneyland. I left after one night. 
10457 The prices in the city were insane. Yet this hotel provided reasonable cost. Rooms are relatively small yet comfortable. The walls are very thin. You can hear the "morning music", which may provide a strange wake up call. Well, changing vocals are perhaps better than the alarm clock... 
10458 Very comfortable furnishings which enabled a good night's sleep every night. Good work space setup. Friendly and attentive service... especially Domingo Martinez who greets guests dining for breakfast with a smile each morning. 
10459 Loved this hotel. great location great rooms -- luxurious--awesome beds--clean--had a suite neat little kitchenette pull out sofa was terrible instrument of torture, but they brought us a cot which was great great service nice little resturant with the best cesear salad we have had in a while 
10460 Great location! The breakfast is very good as well. I like the service. 
10461 We visited Yotel to watch the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. Found the staff friendly and helpful, and the room, while small, was very ingenious in the use of space. I would definitely recommend and will be going back! 
10462 Clean, friendly and quiet. Great price and location. Would stay again. 
10463 Fantastic location, nice rooms, handy to have kitchenette. Doorman Denis mind of information. Pleasant staffs, easy check in. Most things in walking distance. Will definitely be back. 
10464 On 38th and Park Ave. Very clean classy hotel in good area. Very good service from staff. Price, not too bad for NYC. 
10465 Had a great overnight. Club floor great - especially breakfast. In particular like to commend Michael the doorman. He is awesome!! 
10466 Modern, nice and cozy hotel in New York City. There's a pantry in every floor where you can have nice coffee and drinks. Times Square is walking distance from the hotel, but that would be a pretty loooooong walk, 
10467 Great rooms, excellent service, wonderful location. With every possible amenity at your fingertips (including televised excercise program) the best one was the dual showerheads. I would gladly stay here again. 
10468 Terrible property with poor maintenance. Had no other options due to fashion week. Rooms smelled, stained linens. Would not recomend for anyone. We were in town for business and stayed away from facility as long as possilbe. TD 
10469 Can't fault the location..right in the middle of Manhattan..great for exploring, Times Square, Empire State Building on the doorstep etc. Reception was very grand too. Good value for money.. well, for NYC! 
10470 You really can't beat the Park Central if you're looking for a hotel in Uptown Manhattan. Inexpensive, clean, and enough character to be undeniably NY. We stayed for 4 nights in April 2012, and we will be back for our next stay. 
10471 Staff was very friendly from the moment we arrived on Thursday afternoon and checked out on Saturday morning. I would like to stay here again but I would like to try another Microtel in the Houston area. 
10472 It was a terrible experience! the only good thing about this hotel is the position! it's really really dirty. and during the night you can't sleep well!!! 
10473 this is my first time in Down town Chicago and the attencion in the hotel are exceptional 
10474 This is a "luxury" building that is neglected by the landlord, They have a boiler truck out front instead of heat and some tenants were without heat for 2-3 days at a time this winter. They complained but nothing was done about it. 
10475 Great place! Convient to sightseeing and nightlife. The best breakfast in the city at Norma's, and an absolutely great burger at the Burger Joint! 
10476 I love the vibe of the hotel! Great staff - food fantastic! Love it - Thank you for the stay 
10477 This new hotel was everything I expect from a Kimpton Hotel---warm, elegant, welcoming, and worth every penny. The attentive but unobtrusive service essures that solo travelers feel comfortable and secure. This is now a personal favorite of mine. 
10478 Could not fault any part of our trip. Staff were so helpful and room was excellent. Were given an upgrade and on 30th floor. View was tremendous!!!! Hotel was very central and within walking distance of many attractions. Would definitely recommend. Hope to go bck soon. 
10479 Perfect location. Great customer service. Lovely rooms and great food. We will be back next month! 
10480 rooms a great size for NYC, very comfortable...corridors a bit dated and vending rooms very smelly. Hotel staff very helpful and accomodating, hotel bars and restaurants very good tho room service and some meals very overpriced. overall FABULOUS hotel and fantastic city 
10481 The hotel really has a swanky look with all the modern decor. That said, service was quite poor - I arrived close to midnight and it took ages to check in despite being the only client t the desk. 
10482 Arrived in Houston after a long flight, picked up rental car, then an easy drive to the Hilton Garden inn. Very quiet hotel, considering the distance to the Airport. Enjoyed a great uninterupted night's sleep, then headed off the next morning refreshed. 
10483 I was looking forward to stay at this hotel but it's so dirty , the stuff are like running and cheap shop not a hotel ! 
10484 I have stayed at this hotel when visiting New York over many years. I recently visited again and had a good experience again - this hotel continues to be my favorite, rooms are spacious, comfortable, and staff service is always friendly. Location could not be better. 
10485 We loved our stay at the Sofitel. Great location close to Times Square and 5th Avenue shopping but on a quiet side street. Wonderful rooms and amenities with great service. French European atmosphere without pretentiousness. Nice restaurant and bar. We will stay at the Sofitel next time we visit Manhatten. 
10486 The Suite with Queen size bed was fabulous! Very quiet on the 18:th floor. The location to the Subway line 1 just two blocks away. the neighborhood is littered with god restaurants, nice food market just across the street. 
10487 I stayed two nights in May. The room was small but had enough space. The room was quiet and clean and aircondition worked well (it was hot when I visited NY). Subway #6 station was nearby and bus stop was close. Very convenient location and affordable price. 
10488 Best location. Friendliest stuff I've ever experienced. Clean room, though small. Best deal I could have ever expected for a 1 night stay with spouse & 2 kids, where evth. needs to be as quick and close to the hotel as possible. 
10489 The room was great...very comfortable. The concierge was wonderful, and got us information that we needed to have a great trip. The staff at the front desk, the bar, and at breakfast were all friendly, and helpful. 
10490 Pros: Clean place to drop your bags and go, vintage feel, old New York appeal. Reasonable price for NYC. Cons: Tiny room and bathroom. 
10491 We have a very unexplained entrance to this date but after we talk everything get very well.after all we just traveling 4000 miles to stay one week and we were trap in the heat wave that day only. The rest is very good and the breakfast and service are excellent. 
10492 Reasonably sized rooms for Manhattan. About 20 blocks to Times Square. Breakfast bar was average. Don't expect NY bagels. You'll get the regular Hampton fare. The breakfast room was tight and very crowded. The room was well maintained and clean. 
10493 No corresponde la categoria que le han dado de 4 estrellas con las instalciones y servicios que tiene 
10494 We have stayed at this hotel many times, and it is always a pleasure. the location is outstanding, particularly if you like the theater. We will be back! The rooms are very nice, with free wifi and beds are very comfortable. 
10495 Breakfast bar are nice, but the room are so dirty, hairs are every where on the bed, pillows, and blanket, so nasty. I didn't think they clean the room before give it to us, I'm very disappointed, not worth the money. I will not stay here again. 
10496 brilliant, stayed in the penthouse over christmas, 2 private balconys :) brilliant door men, free starbucks downstairs and a gorgeous eatery 'manhattan diner' across the road. 
10497 Yes, the room was small, but I was surprised by how nice it was. And, having paid only $100/night on Priceline, I felt it was a very good value. I would certainly stay there again. 
10498 great location for times square, subway, Broadway etc. nice rooms, great complimentary breakfast, would stay again. 
10499 From the time we arrived, Daniel at the front desk made us feel welcome. Concierge was amazing by hooking us up with whatever we needed. The value of the rooms and service was terrific for our money. 
10500 worse hotel i have come across... staff were rude room was small and super overpriced! you can get much better hotels else where. Think 100 times before you book this Tuna Can! 
10501 SI: posizione dell'hotel eccellente stanza confortevole bagno comodo, ben accessoriato, pulito personale alla reception molto gentile NO: manca la cassaforte in stanza troppi cuscini sul letto (non si sa dove metterli) 
10502 We stayed here last summer for five nights. Rooms were basic but very clean, no breakfast, although there are plenty of diners serving breakfast nearby. Good location, close to subway. Staff were extremely helpful and very friendly. Ideal if you are looking for somewhere to rest your head at night. 
10503 arrived, checked in early, straight to room which was a small double and bigger than I expected. Usual free water, nice coffee machine in room, free wifi....perfect location. Would defo stay here again. Did their Rockefeller hotel last year at same time and was also superb....personal preference is Midtown (location) 
10504 Rooms were clean, hotel staff very nice. Shuttle was available when we needed to take it. 
10505 Good Location- close to subway, manhattan attractions Many free extras: WIFI, HOT Breakfast Great Bar off of Lobby! 
10506 I took my husband for his birthday as a surprise. We had a terrific time. He received a massage in the spa and said it was fabulous! Breakfast was delicious and the service as over the top! I would highly recommend Za Za for a romantic getaway. 
10507 This was a wonderful hotel, old world style like others have mentioned. Away from noise, beautiful bar...very quaint. If you stay longer than a few days they know you by name. Would defiantly stay here again. We did "chauffered" in the Rolls Royce! 
10508 Spent three days at the Westin and enjoyed its location. Within walking distance to all of the Times Square hot spots. Room had a great view of Times Square. Front desk was efficient and helpful. Room was immaculate, and bed was very comfortable. Would definately return! 
10509 The only good thing about this hotel is the location, right opposite Madison Square Gardens. The room was dirty, smelly and noisy. The staff were very unfriendly. I would not recommend anyone to stay in this hotel. 
10510 Fantastic Hotel!!!! which was very modern and clean. The most stunning views from the PHD Bar. The staff, at all levels, were very attentive. The rooms were lovely and kept to a high standard. Loved it at this hotel and would recommended it to anyone of any age!! 
10511 Staff and service was great. Really loved the shuttle service. 
10512 Such a nice small and cosy hotel. Excellent location, comfortable rooms and nice staff. If you're looking for those big standard hotels, then this isn't the right choice. But if you're looking for a personalized service, friendly ambiance and quietness, then you can't miss The Iroquois New York. 
10513 Although well situated the hotel needs a facelift. The rooms are large and the staff helpfull but the maintenance i failing and some serious renovation is required. Stay 2 nights and no longer. 
10514 Affinia Manhattan - We stayed in a 10th floor corner room that was quite large. View of Empire State Building. Kitchen was fine. Very nice room. Staff friendly. Highly recommended. Lower midtown location is fine after you learn to avoid the crowds at Madison Square Garden/Penn station. 
10515 Excellent Hotel, love it, we will be back!! The beds are comfortable, the linen clean and beautiful, beautifully decorated, the scented candles in the entrance were delicious!! Excellent Hotel!! 
10516 The staff at this hotel goes far beyond what's expected. They are so sweet. They get cabs for you; they take you to the mall; they even printed my boarding pass for me. No wonder it's hard to get in to this very nice hotel. 
10517 I went here for spring break with my mom this year. The customer service was spectacular and the rooms were fierce! I loved meeting my friends at the Rooftop bar. I will definitely stay here again. :) The beds felt like clouds! 
10518 Spent two nights at the St. James and it was awesome!! Cheap, Clean, Comfort. Don't expect the Ritz!!! Great Deli next door. The staff was super friendly. 
10519 Very nice hotel, super clean, knowledgeable staff, would recommend the place without any reservations. Highly recommended hotel, close to the main road Westheimer road which has every possible place on it that you could want. 
10520 Great location just a short walk from times square and very modern and clean. Would come back again any time. Perfect hotel for a five night stay in New York. Cabins were well laid out and thought through. Plenty of places to eat and drink nearby. 
10521 Verbleef hier 4 nachten en ik kan dit hotel zeer zeker aanraden! Letterlijk om de hoek van times square, voor een korte NY trip helemaal geweldig! Sla alleen het ontbijt over, erg slecht ga hiervoor gewoon naar een pret-a-manger of starbucks 
10522 Nice hotel for a quick trip. Rooms were very small, but it was a great location. 
10523 A warning! We just spent three nights at Le Parker Meridien on W 57th St. in NYC and we found the service terrible. The maid service was non-existant on one day, and the concierge service was terrible. The management was totally ineffectual and unapologetic. 
10524 Een prima hotel, zeker voor de museumliefhebbers. Bijna alle musea zijn met een beetje goede wil lopend te bereiken via Central Park. Goede subwayverbinding met hartje Manhattan en directe busverbinding met Grand Central Station. Op de service is niets aan te merken. Goed ontbijt in Nice Matin (niet inbegrepen). 
10525 the place doesnt stop, from tues to sat the bar area is buzzing, must try the eggplant bread, awesome. Front desk staff and guest services very friendly and prompt, helped me getting reservations and blackhawk tickets. 
10526 Loved every minute of it! We were spoiled and enjoyed the intimate surroundings. Beautiful room - not very large (but that is NY I guess). We will be back for Christmas shopping. 
10527 I am pretty positive I brought home bed bugs from this hotel. They started infesting my apartment around the same time we got home from our vacation. They have made our lives a nightmare. 
10528 Loved this hotel! Don't understand the bad reviews. Yes, the rooms are small-tiny- but beautifully set up with everything organized. Service was great, and we ended up upgrading to an amazing room, tons of space. You can't beat the location and the public spaces. Highly recommended 
10529 Spent 3 nights here. Room was fine if a little dated but there was nothing wrong with it. 10 minute walk to city centre so brilliant location. Large pool and Gym. Buddy Guy's Blues club only one block away so had great evening there and Buddy was at the bar! 
10530 This location is close to what you need. Just 6 blocks to Michigan Ave. The place could use some updating but everything worked and was clean. The front counter folks were helpful as well. I would book again 
10531 Upon arriving, we had to go through some metal detectors and got felt up and such - apparently there was someone important staying there at the time... other than that, it was a great stay! 
10532 Went to NYC with a friend and her two granddaughters. Had a wonderful time; this hotel was expensive but great! Perfect location--walked to the theaters. Great view of Times Square from our suite. Staff was excellent! Ginger Rogers Restaurant on 5th floor a hidden gem!! 
10533 Comfortable hotel, close to airport. Only about a five minute drive from the airport, which was great for me. Room was comfortable. Breakfast was good and the wait staff very effecient. If I needed to stay close to the airport again, I would probably stay here. 
10534 Ricky was very helpful and everytime i needed something he was there to help will come again thanks to ricky ***** your bang smack in the middle of newyork, next to all the great sights all with in walking distance 
10535 It is a quite nice place to stay in. We think it is situated well and it is a good choice. 
10536 We always stay at the Intercontinental in Chicago. It is THE place to stay! Great location and great staff! Can't say enough good things. Just awesome. You won't regret staying here. 
10537 We had an excellent stay in this hotel. We asked to be put in a room away from the street as this is a nightlife area and it was nice and quiet. The staff were friendly and helpful. I would stay here again and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it. 
10538 the dirtiest smelliest hotel in the world found a large cockroach running around the bathroom on the 1st night.our teenagers in the next room were moved 5 floors away with out a explanation to a worse room DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. 
10539 Clean room, great location. The room is small and kind of dreary, and loud in the a.m. from nearby trains, but considering how affordable it is compared to nearby hotels that's about what you'd expect. I'd stay here again, definitely. 
10540 loved this place .The staff was very helpful with area Mexican restaurants and clubs.The shopping is phenomenol. Will be back ! 
10541 The staff , particularly Omar, great, couldn't do enough. The only fault would be the rooms, rather small but as many reviewers have said before, typical for NY. But the beds are amazing. The location is fantastic, great selections of restaurants. 
10542 W prices but poor service,smallest rooms even with an upgrade as a platinum member. Location good but many other hotels in the area are a much better value. 
10543 We were very impressed with the quiet and clean hotel. We arrived early in the morning before check in hours. Before stepping into the lobby, received a warm reception for their complimentary breakfast buffet. The staff was very helpful. Stayed for four nights. Would definitely stay again. 
10544 I stayed here for 5 nights on a business trip. The hotel is right in centre of Manhattan and is well appointed. The rooms are small in size but you can expect anything other than this in Manhattan. The staff are very courteous and helpful. 
10545 This new hotel has a great location and the most attentive staff I have ever experienced. Very upscale and comfortable. 
10546 We took a room with double bed, private bathroom with the view on a street. Everything is new, clean. Fresh towels everyday. A lot of young people from around the world.The building inside will be renovated this Year. Very nice neighborhood.Deli just around the corner, open 24/7, I recommend!! 
10547 A Great little hotel with a fantastic location, located in the lower east side. Clean rooms, friendly staff, huge bathroom. Located only minutes walk to the subway. Breakfast is included as is free Wifi in the rooms. Definitely will be staying there again. 
10548 Service was exceptional, location was perfect, hotel was very clean and comfortable...I would definately stay here again...two thumbs UP!!! 
10549 Perfectly placed for shopping in Soho, the restaurants excellent. Best of all the beds and pillows superb. The rooms don't have a huge amount of space for clothes but the view makes up for it. 
10550 We have just returned from a stay at the Waldorf,it was pure class. The room was great,staff helpful throughout the whole stay,the tour was great as was the fantastic guide. The bed was awsome,so comfortable. Thank you so much 
10551 The rooms are very small for the money and even though breakfast is included in the stay, the breakfast area gets very crowded during morning. This is in the main lobby so you also keep bumping into travellers checking out. Overall not very impressed. 
10552 Hotel is perfect for a leisure trip- just minutes walk from Times Square, clean, comfortable, pretty good service. 
10553 Stayed at Sofitel June 19-22. Wonderful hotel and staff. Room was elegantly appointed and bathrooms were upscale. Location is on a quiet street close to everything. Can't say enough about Sofitel.... Recommend to anyone!! 
10554 Very friendly atmosphere, and clean comfy rooms. Just steps from everything magnificent mile. Loved it! Very accomodating with our disappointng situation of a cancelled concert :-(. Will definately recommend this location to anyone traveling to Chicago"...."......................................................... 
10555 I stayed overnight because my plane got in late. They were there to pick me up in about 3-5minutes. The room was very clean. It was quite, and I got a good night sleep. They took me to pick up my rental car in the morning. Very nice people. 
10556 Never got a wake-up call and almost missed my meeting, which was the reason for my visit in NYC. I was told it was a computer glitch. Unacceptable! 
10557 First time visiting NYC and stayed at this hotel. It was very convenient to everything. we walked to Times Square and other attractions with no problems. Very close to Penn Station in Madison Square Garden. LOTS of shopping in the fashion district is close by. Rooms were comfortable and clean. 
10558 What a find!! From the moment of checkin my wife and I felt totally looked after. It was not like staying in a hotel but rather a friendly apt away from home. Close to everything. Quiet. Free internet nad complimentary breakfast and umbrella when needed. 
10559 The hotel is located at the center of the NYC, Times Square! easy walking to 5th Avenue shopping and Central Park. Pros: the room was very huge and clean. the service was excelent. cons: there is no breakfast at this hotel. 
10560 Great spot central to all. Older building with great old style stairway but rooms are a little small but nice. Room service very expensive as well as bar even for NYC. Was happy that it's now a part of Marriott 
10561 Very nice staff. 
10562 although the rooms are small, they are nicely decorated and interestingly laid out. Service was good, looby was pretty and location in theater district was perfect. The price made it an absolute deal. 
10563 My friend and I meet at the Soho Grand every December. Every year we are treated well and the doormen greet guests with a smile! The hotel is clean and staffed with professional, courteous people. Wonderful hotel! 
10564 Great hotel centrally located to everything. Staff was exceptionally helpful and friendly and the rooms were clean and comfortable. We will be staying here on future visits to New York. 
10565 Michelle & Milha wonderful & excellent professional. They made us feel welcome. We are here for upcoming wedding & hooneymoon they extra special. Everyone at the hotel are very help. Location is great. You can walk every where from the hotel location. We will be back to stay again. 
10566 Just got back from a 4 night stay at the Roosevelt Hotel... The hotel was fine but our room was very warm and could not get it to cool down. I called about it but nothing was done. It is a great location to stay at though. 
10567 The Hotel is very crisp, elegant and modern with a hint of European class. The lounge/Bar is absoutly devine. I was very impressed with the professionalism of the staff, and the precise cleanliness of my room. Top star and great price. I will stay again and again. 
10568 We stayed at roosevelt hotel last week and we check out on sunday (11/07). Unfortunately we forgot a pairs of gloves at the room. Could you send me? We stayed at room 540 and my name is Carla Silva from Brazil. 
10569 Hotel was clean, plenty of space and the staff was very helpful with all of my plans for our large group. 
10570 Richtig geiles Hotel. So teuer, dass ich noch heute unter dem Abzug vom Taschengeld zu leiden habe deswegen... 
10571 Stayed at the ALoft for two nights on a business trip. Large (for New York), comfortable room with personality. The staff were very attentive, polite and welcoming. Many good restaurants within easy walking distance. 
10572 Easy to book caused problems before the trip with writing emails, that I would have problems with my Mastercard. I contacted the hotel in front and it was not true. A lot of trouble for nothing. 
10573 The title says it all. This is a very good basic hotel that met all our needs. The room was tiny and we had to ask for adequate heat (which came soon enough); but one doesn't go to Manhattan to hang around one's hotel room. 
10574 Front desk was exceptional in arranging a change request after arrival. Property and room was very clean and trendy, as is my experience with the W hotels. 
10575 Excellent hotel to stay at. Especially with the proximity to the Hobby airport. Very clean with good amenities for a hotel this size. Upscale for a Days Inn with fair prices and good people in charge. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. 
10576 Had a wonderful girlsweekend experience in Chicago. Hotel is centrally located to all our needs (shopping and eating!) and the hotel staff was very helpful and courteous. 
10577 Great hotel, great room, great staff and great location. 
10578 I stayed for a week along with other coworkers and we all agree that this hotel was great! It's in a great location and the rooms were great along with a great staff! 
10579 this is a all green hotel, very nicely decorated and the rooms are great also. pool was really nice! 
10580 Our stay at the Edison was great. The hotel and staff are amazing. Close to everything we wanted to do. Our first trip to New York was made even better by staying at the Edison. I am returning in May!!!! 
10581 Large, beautiful room, excellent service for this hotel in a prime New York City location 
10582 Major advantage is vast and clean rooms, great view of the roof tops. Ideally located. Excellent value. 
10583 Bright and clean Friendly and helpful staff Innovative (Yobot, electric bed) Good position, not far from Times Square and the subway I'd stay there again 
10584 This hotel is in a ideal location. It is a really lovely, clean hotel with good bars and resturants. We had a really enjoyable stay here. 
10585 We stayed for one night. We didn't like it at all because Terrible Maintenance, Poor Services. Sink drain, bath tub drain blocked, water was leaking from the piping all night. My friend's room next door was the same. Cub and others also very cheap ones ,its not Logo with. 
10586 Everyone from the Bellhop,Doormen, Maid and Front desk. Very large suite with great amenities. Great job Doubletree! 
10587 Really profesional, gilt restaurant is outstanding, very well located, entrance looks amazing. Concierge very helpful, getting table in very busy restaurants in the City Jean Georges, per se , (close to le bernardin) 
10588 Our second stay, and again can't fault it for value for money and location. Suited us down to the ground. A better room as we paid a little more which was definately worth the money, if we had one with us we could have swung a cat this time. 
10589 Rooms were outdated, needs updating - especially bathroom. Location was the reason for the stay at this location. Has McDonalds next door for meals. The kitchenette was a nice additions. 
10590 Location was great. Service was excellent! Will recommend to all my friends and associates. 
10591 I stayed at the HGI with a some friends. All i can say is that the staff and the accommodations were great. The rooms were not huge, but very comfortable. The staff was very helpful and polite. I would definitely stay here again! 
10592 The hotel is right around the corner from the Empire State Building and walking distance from Times Square. Staff was very helpful and the hotel was very clean and comfortable. 
10593 This is the up most luxury if you want everything and more then this is for you I want to thank all the staff for a great stay we will be back in July 
10594 We stayed here for 4 nights and we weren't really impressed with the hotel. The entrance and lobby is nice but our room was old, dirty and dark. Breakfast was inc but it was simple. The location of this hotel is the only positive. I would not stay here again. 
10595 Arrived on Saturday before check in. Joy at the desk was great. Jamie checked bags, made excellent recommendations for sight seeing, shiopping, and most imprtantly, great restaurants! Anytime I head to Manhattan, will plan to stay again 
10596 Per chi non ha particolari pretese, per chi utilizza l`hotel solo come punto di appoggio .... sicuramente il compromesso che offre il St.James e' accettabile e non ha nulla da invidiare agli altri per la posizione nel cuore di Time Square. 
10597 I liked everything about the hotel, minus the customer service! On both check in and check out I felt like I was a bother to the staff at front desk! I normally stay with SPG and never have a problem with unfriendly workers! 
10598 Quiero recomendar ese hotel. NY es increible! y estar bien ubicado es fundamental para disfruar de todos los atractivos de esa hermosa ciudad. La habitacion fue perfecta, al final nos recomendaron tomar un programa de RCI comprando una membresia. Me hubiera encanado poder hacerlo. Me encanto la experiencia!! 
10599 Not a fancy hotel but has a great location, half a block from Times Square and the Brodaway theaters, price pretty affordable and also many places around to eat. Make sure to request a room located from floor 5th through 8th as they have been renovated. 
10600 Stayed for family vacation. Walking distance to Navy Pier, shopping and most other sites. Nice clean room with great service and amenities. 
10601 Our Group went to NY for a conference. We were greatly surprised when we checked in to the Staybridge. The rooms were larger and very clean. The staff was great and always a pleasure. Breakfast was included and this helped with our budget. 
10602 Special thanks to our housekeeper/Joyce :) .. Very nice caring lady who attended to all of our requests. What better location than Midtown East :) 
10603 We had an amazing stay at the night hotel. Everything is so cozy, dark and quiet. Location is perfect, employees nice and helpfull. 
10604 The hotel and atmosphere were great, located in Times Square, close to the subway. Concierge was very helpful, staff was very nice. The rooms were clean and actually quit quiet for being in Times Square. Loved it and would def go back. 
10605 I was afraid that it was in a noisy position, but our room and the street of the entrance are ok! 
10606 The hotel is a great location within a short walk to Broadway, Times Square, Central Park, Fifth Avenue, and most all of midtown highlights. Food options are fantastic with Norma's for breakfast and the Burger Joint for lunch and snacks. 
10607 I booked a non smoking room and when I checked in they told me only smoking rooms were available. Then when I went to close the curtains before I went to sleep I noticed stains all over the place. This was not the quality that I expected at all. 
10608 We arrived at 12:15 am, but service was exceptional, and the rooms were beautiful. The hotel has been bought over and renamed to Hotel 31, but you could never tell just looking at it. Literally. They haven't gotten around to taking down the Holiday Inn sign. :) 
10609 Best service I have received in a long time. Great rooms. Couldnt ask for better, will definately go back. 
10610 My mom and I stayed for a weekend. Check in was a breeze. Room clean if a little scruffed up. Hotel is large and smack in the middle of Times Square but quiet inside. Bartender in restaurant was nice, as were doormen who hustled to get us cabs repeatedly. 
10611 Exceptionally comfortable king-sized bed. Clean, quiet, well-appointed room. Sublime bathrobes. Tasty turndown biscotti. Charming, professional staff ready to help with anything. Simultaneously sumptuous and cozy. So close to theaters and restaurants. The Muse is what a boutique hotel SHOULD be. We loved it and plan to return. 
10612 Have stayed here many times. Service is always very good. Had Internet and tv issues, but they were resolved. Wish they would upgrade tvs to a flat screen. 
10613 We stayed here to celebrate our anniversary and boy did the hotel deliver!! Excellent service, and they really made us feel special. It's close to a lot of restaurants and shows, but most importantly, the staff treated us like royalty and made the anniversary an event to remember forever. 
10614 Great location and friendly professional staff.....BUT no coffee maker (complimentary coffee ten floors below), only ONE chair in two bed room (others sat on bed or luggage racks), and no make up mirror. 
10615 Good location and friendly, helpful staff incl concierge, but do not expect to sleep well - one could hear everything from rooms next door and above, plus plumbing or some other mechanical grating sounds. 
10616 Great spot to stay for business or leisure travel; very clean (no bedbugs); friendly staff; great location near subways. Breakfast could use a little help! 
10617 I choose it because of the location. Fantastic. Great value. Hilton usually comes through. Lobby very busy but we got to our rooms quickly. Also, the rooms at the Hilton are a nice size. It's a good value for the price. Great family hotel. 
10618 Everything about this hotel was wonderful - from check in to check-out. The conceirge could not have been better. The cookies at check in were a nice treat. If you had a complaint, they immediately addressed it! 
10619 Great Hotel I would definitely stay again. I guess the only problem that I could think of would be the fact that the hotel offers valet only parking. $23 a night. But the valet staff worked quickly when called upon. 
10620 Very nice full service hotel. Rooms are very clean and comfortable. Good location next to shopping haven in Houston. If you are familiar with the Marriott brand, this hotel will not disappoint. 
10621 My partner and I stayed for 6 nights in March and loved the Iroquois. It is in a perfect location for exploring New York and has the personal touch that you will never get from bigger hotels. 
10622 Decent stay. Nice conference facilities. A bit dated in some areas, and obvious that renovations have been ongoing to update. But overall a good hotel with friendly staff. Turn the A/C down in common areas folks - wouldn't have been surprised to see snow in the lobby. 
10623 Great hotel, amazing staff !! good value for your money! Great indoor pool and jacuzzi. Free wifi ! good enough breakfast, not great though 
10624 We spent an over night trip here many times. Truly enjoyed the stay. The Hotel speaks for itself. 
10625 We needed a place near Grand Central. Priceline got us there for $195/night and the quoted price at the hotel was over $550. Midtown - East for business, this was perfect. 
10626 So many hotels in NY and this is one of the good ones where so many are a disappointment. Nice and close to Central Park, 5th Avenue, Bloomingdales and lots of good restaurants a few blocks away. 
10627 Stayed there in august. For being so hot outside the room was actually a nice relief from the heat. Although they were a little on the small side, it was inviting and accommodating. Service was nice, very personable. 
10628 This hotel is great for people on a budget! Although rooms are not the biggest they are a comfortable for two people. Room was very clean and staff were extremely helpful and so friendly! Would recommend this hotel for both long and short stays. 
10629 Comprato su booking circa un mese prima, servizio di prenotazione impeccabile, nessun imprevisto. Camere molto grandi e spaziose, cucina attrezzatissima. Molto pulito, personale molto gentile e disponibile, ci hanno anche aiutati a rintracciare un bagaglio smarrito nel tragitto dall'hotel all'areoporto. Ho pagato 1200 dollari per 5 notti a coppia. 
10630 Attended a conference at the hotel and couldn't have asked for a better stay. Was upgraded to an executive room and it really makes a difference. Private elevators and great snacks during the day. Service was excellent and the location can't be beat. Great place to stay in Chicago. 
10631 This cosy hotel is very nicely located two blocks away from Michigan Avenue, very close to the John Hancock Center. The staff is nice, but nothing special. The breakfast on the other hand is amazing - certainly the best breakfast I had in a hotel in US. 
10632 Staff was mediocre. The rates I reserved was not the same when we checked out. 
10633 Very central hotel. 5 mins from Times Square. Rooms are not big but have everything you neeed except fridge. Bathroom very small but spotless with fresh towels and toiletries every day. Good place to stay if you are sightseeing and are not spending long in your room. 
10634 I'm in a group that meets here every week. Service is always amazing. The staff takes excellent care of us. We feel like they're family. The food is always freshly prepared and there's a nice variety. 
10635 Everything was very nice at this hotel. Convenient service, wonderful new clean room, tasty dinner. Interesting location though, but not bad during the day. Highly recommended. 
10636 This is a very charming Hotel, beautiful designed rooms, great shower... our stay was just great! 
10637 This hotel is centrally located in NYC across from Waldorf Astoria and next to the Bull and the Bear.. Hotel is impeccable..This hotel has all the amenities you would expect from a 5 Star Hotel. Staff was great and hotel was spotless. 
10638 Perfect position right on Times Square and across the road from theatres (Lion King). Easy walk down Fifth Avenue and Central Park. Good sized bedroom and bathroom. Excellent breakfast - but expensive. Excellent restaurant across the road at very reasonable prices. Airport shuttle convenient - allow 1 hour. 
10639 Hotel close to airport, if you want to stay just one night it's OK Hotel is stuck in between motorway and railway ! nothing to do around just sleep and rest yourself. Breakfast is very poor Room was clean and the room not too noisy despite the horrible location 
10640 Great room in a perfect location with a staff to match. 
10641 staff were very helpful room small but comfortable perfect location close to centeral park great resturants sybway very near would recomend this hotel to people on a budget best budget hotel on the upper west side will be back 
10642 When it comes to places in Manhattan, I tend to be very picky....In this case there is nothing to be picky about! fantastic atmosphere, staff, prices and the nightlife...well lets just say they could make me feel young again..I would love to spend a weekend here. 
10643 Staff was accommodating even though we arrived well before the check-in time. The room was clean and adequate .... nothing fancy but the essentials were all there, comfortable beds, functioning bathroom and air-conditioning. It is what it is, and we applaud the hotel for offering affordable accommodations to NYC travelers. 
10644 My friend and I stayed there for nine nights. It's not as bad as people say it is. Room was ok, cleaned every day, towels and sheats changed daily and the staff was very polite and friendly. It's really not that bad. I'd stay there again. 
10645 Yeah, it's not the Hyatt, but it's cheap, convenient and there always seems to be rooms here. 
10646 Stayed here while taking in a Yankees game. Beautiful renovated hotel First rate room and an excellent staff from begining to the end of our stay. :) 
10647 I stayed there a few weeks ago and had no problems whatsoever with the elevators. The longest wait? Maybe a minute or two. I think this hotel is great for the money. You can't beat the location, the rooms are large by NY standards, and they are newly decorated. 
10648 Have stayed at the Westin often for business travel. One of the best Starwood properties in Midtown NYC for the value. Rooms are good-sized, even if you don't get an upgrade. 
10649 The St James is a great place to stay while in New York it has great location and good value for money. The staff are very helpful and it is so close to times square. There is a fab deli right next door for all you meals etc as well. 
10650 There are MANY questionable hotels/motels in the Houston area. I am always nervous booking online not knowing where we may end up. This was a fantastic area and the La Quinta Inn & Suites was very well kept and clean. 
10651 Wonderful hotel centrally located. The hotel was clean with good sized rooms by new york standards. The staff were friendlly and helpful. Check in was stress free. We got a good price on 3 nights stay and enjoyed all the luxury and scenery the Waldorf has to offer. 
10652 we have stayed here twice and would go back again when the deal is right. fantastic location on times square buzzing 24/7 room are basic airport hotel style and could do with an upgrade 
10653 Everyone goes out of their way to make your stay the best! 
10654 This hotel is great! wonderful location right off Times Square. The hotel staff is just incredible-they are so welcoming and helpful. They make the whole NY experience even better. The rooms are clean and very stylish. 
10655 I stayed here for about a week, and it was amazing. One of the greatest experiences i've had staying in a hotel. I would surely recommend it to everyone. 
10656 This Hotel is a good choice because it's in the heart of the island, close to lots of interesting places, but the staff are NOT friendly. Their slogan could be "Do not disturb us" 
10657 hostess looked a little tired and smiled with difficulty but this hotel is nice, quiet and very will located between Time Square / 5th av and Central Park/Macy's 
10658 We stayed at Sofitel 6 nights and it was a very pleasant stay. Very nice superior room and very good clean bathroom. A nice bed and very good service. 
10659 We stayed 4 nights. Modern hotel, friendly professional staff. Large, clean room. Excelent location in Manhattan. Thank you, I+H, Czech :o) 
10660 Excellent hotel. Spotless, great service and excellent location for shopping on Michigan Avenue. Check for specials, we got a room at a bargain price. Of course the 40.00 parking was added but that's pretty typical for Chicago hotels. 
10661 Great hotel. Beautiful rooms. We went to the Blue Fin restaurant for late night desert and the deserts were fabulous. Hotel lobby turns into a bar/lounge at nights. Ideal for a younger crowd. 
10662 I reserved my room on hotels.com a queen size 1 bd rm, however when i checked-in they automatically assign me in a small room packed with two beds. called the manager, didn't get any help. The staff at check are helpless. will never back to again. 
10663 Zimmer modern, sauber. Check-in sehr schnell, freundlich, bei der Rechung alles O.K., SUPER-LAGE. Preis-Leistung herrvoragend. 
10664 I spent a week at the Westin New York at Times Square and will definitely return! The location is very central to everything (broadway shows, restaurants, subway). It is steps away from Times Square and mid-town. The customer service was excellent and the rooms and heavenly beds were very comfortable. 
10665 Large rooms however I've slept in more comfortable beds. Sleeper sofa cushions thin and uncomfortable to sit on. Otherwise good quality you expect from Hilton. Million dollar view from enclosed pool and exercise room on 30th floor. Great location off Michigan Ave so quieter and less traffic. 
10666 This is very different from a Four Seasons or a Ritz Carlton in NY. However, the level and the quality of the staff is unparalleled. Simply fantastic. 
10667 Great Hotel on corner of 53 and Ave of Americans. Close to Times square and everything. the hotel is very clean and quiet. Comfortable beds, bar, movies and great shower. You will be very pleased and comfortable here. Can walk to many places. 
10668 I enjoyed being inside Manhattan, near Madison Square Garden, on 7th avenue, with noises and lot of people, but it's New York! The stay was great ! 
10669 kids loved feeding the swans & the custom breakfast ! Suite setup with kids in 1 room & parents in the other 
10670 Stayed 4 nights for business at Javitz center. It was a good location. The room was nice. The staff was excellent. I will definitely consider staying there again. 
10671 We love this hotel. The recent renovation is great -- the guest rooms are really nice. The location is great. There were a few too many Trainee's working when we checked in, but that was easily overlooked as the rest of the stay was great. 
10672 very small, quaint, clean and perfect. Central park is a block away in a very calm UES area surrounded by great restaurants and cafes.....Highly reccommend 
10673 Love this hotel. I stay there about 3 times a year. It's a great location, extremely comfortable with great staff. Rooms are a decent size for NYC 
10674 This was our first time staying at the Le Parker. The staff was helpful and curtious, the room was delightful all at a great price. The Burger Joint was a totally unexpected awesome eatery! 
10675 High coolness factor and cute cabins, but bath was not clean, floor dirty and coffee machine (a good idea) was not working. Price, at almost $400 for a night, was well-beyond appropriate for what received. 
10676 This by far has the worst customer service, for the price we paid... I expected a much nicer front desk. Were not accomodating at all! Willnever stay here again...I'll stay at the Hilton. 
10677 Tres petite chambre pour une personne, mais tres claire et tres propre, tres calme si sur cour 
10678 Les cloisons sont un peu fines. Un peu cher pour la surface, mais personnel tres acceuillant.plutot pas mal pour NY. 
10679 Mejoren el presio de las habitaciones peq Sean mas felxible el hiko del dueno es muy arrogante 
10680 This hotel is one of the few decent hotels in the city that offers rooms with 2 queen beds. Location is great. Beds were ok, pillows were typically lousy. Parking is $40-50 per night which seems pretty standard. 
10681 Although this hotel is located perfectly on the magnificient mile it is not a 4.5 star hotel. The furniture in the room was torn, no HD tv, and pieces were missing from out bathroom sink. For the money try a 3 star hotel in the same area. 
10682 Stayed 4 nights mid-sept. Two blocks to the L where u can get to just about anywhere in city in 20 min for $2.25. Great for business & leisure. Restaurants all around. Bottled water refreshing way to start/end the day. We will return! 
10683 The rooms and service was good, with fun and clever design solutions. Our only complaint is that the pool by the poolside bar wasn't served by the bar. The staff was very helpfull and had good knowledge of local facilities. 
10684 HOTEL IDEALEMENT SITUE. CHAMBRE PETITE MAIS CONFORTABLE. SDB ET SANITAIRES PROPRES. CHAMBRE DONNANT SUR COUR TRES CALME. PETITS DEJEUNERS COMPRIS APPRECIABLES, COMPLETS MAIS REPETITIFS. PERSONNEL ACCUEILLANT ET DISCRET. BON RAPPORT QUALITE PRIX POUR NY. RECOMMANDONS CET HOTEL. 
10685 We love the Parker-Meridien! Great location, room, service, food and even (for NYC) the rates! We eagerly look forward to our next visit. 
10686 I fully recommend this Hotel. The location is Perfect. All the staff (really a lot) is kindly. The beds are very comfortable. It has a small swimming pool, and a newstand. The rooms are big. I will return to this Hotel. 
10687 It was a great stay snd it started from when we greeted at the store! The rooms were clean an spotless! The staff was super nice and sweet! I enjoyed it! 
10688 Great location in theatre district off Broadway and close to Times Square close to restaurants of Hells Kitchen and easy walk to Central Park Friendly helpfull staff in all areas Well situated near subway stations No negatives 
10689 Prima hotel. Kleine maar goede kamer. Prima bed. Goede badkamer. We hen een kamer aan de zijkant dat was heel rustig. De buurt was goed restaurants bars enz. meer dan genoeg. Ging er iets niet goed werd het direct door het personeel van de receptie opgelost wat zeer vriendelijk was 
10690 This was possibly the worst hotel I've ever stayed at. Horrible and unfriendly customer service, room condition was beyond awful, and the wi-fi sucked. Don't book your reservation at this hotel!!! SO NOT WORTH IT. 
10691 Booked over the internet - got a good price. Delighted to be upgraded to junior suite on arrival - loved the bathrobe. Was luxurious and clean. Comfy bed and pillows. Friendly staff. Good location. What more could you ask for? Helped make an excellent vacation. 
10692 I stayed for my business trip and everything goes well..staff are very helpful especially a lady named Juicy...Her name is as nice as her attitude..I recommend this especially for travellers going for new york exhibit in javits center.. 
10693 Very happening lobby and courteous staff. The rooms are pretty standard but the bathrooms are generous (especially the shower). Excellent location just off Fifth Avenue! 
10694 My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights and as the title states, there was nothing extraordinary about our stay. Great location along the Magnificent Mile, friendly staff. One downside was the in-suite internet was not included. 
10695 The rooms are clean but very small but considering the price to value and location who's comiaming. The front desk is on the second floor and the folks are very helpful. The heat worked great and the WiFi was of average speed. I'll come here again. 
10696 Parking was a deal. We were pleasantly surprised at the view from our room. Kids loved the indoor pool. 
10697 The hotel is old but it has an elevator, private bath, clean room and comfortable beds. What is more you are in the middle of Times Square. And also it has free wifi so you can chat and keep in contacts with your friends and family. 
10698 This hotel was whatever service was bad, 45 min to check in no staff available. Left a couple items in the room, called the hotel and they said there was niching found. Bathroom smelled musty. Don't think I'll stay there again 
10699 Beautiful, elegant, updated rooms in a venerable old UES building with great food and drinking venues, great service, and highly comfortable beds. My favorite NYC hotel. Reasonably-priced. No complaints at all. Nice gym to boot. Business or pleasure. Hope they keep up the very high standards. 
10700 Stayed at the Lexington, for the second time now. Rooms are fantastic with great views. Lovely locations and minutes from a lot of the main attractions. Staff were very helpful especially Lauren Ramos, who made the stay a lot easier and was a great help. 
10701 Staying here right now. This hotel is great if you're a little person (under 5 feet) traveling alone with no luggage...but otherwise stay elsewhere. Plus the walls are all scraped up and there's nowhere comfortable to sit. This is faux luxury to the core, don't get duped. 
10702 Great hotel- good location, easy to catch bus to any location. Easy to walk anywhere on Michigan Ave. Very good price. The rooms are a little old and bathrooms are small. View was great from front side of hotel. Would stay there again! 
10703 Very good location, close to subway, bus station. Times Square just a few minutes walk. Staff very friendly. Would be even better if they had coffee bar/drinks near reception. 
10704 What a wonderful hotel right in the heart of Broadway with easy access to anywhere in NY either by subway, walking, or taxi. For those looking for a weekend getaway to the Big Apple, look no further. 
10705 I was here on a business trip, and it is always a pleasure to stay at the Westin. The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly and the location is great. I always enjoy my trips to NYC and the Westin does a great job! 
10706 Hotel tres bien place en plein centre. Proche de toutes commodites ( shopping, fast food, pharmacie, supermarche, deli...). Pour etre deja allee a new york 3 fois c est le meilleur hotel. tres bon accueil et les chambres propres et vraiment tres calme. j y retournerai 
10707 We were friendly received by Elizabeth at the concierge, she was very kind and helped us a lot. She gave us great tips. We come here very often but this time was the best, The room was remodeled and now it has a modern atmosphere. 
10708 Stayed at the Doubletree 11/27-11/30 for Christmas parade, shopping, etc with our 16 year old granddaughter. Nice hotel, helpful staff. On East side of Manhattan and good walk to sites but definitely okay. Would stay here again! 
10709 This is a top hotel. Great service and comfortable surroundings. Great location. Easy to walk to Times Square. 
10710 Upbeat helpful staff, great design and decor, roomy new room model. I usually don't sleep well the first night in NYC but not at Duane. It was quiet and comfy. Best bed ever. Within walking distance to Freedom Memorial and just 3 short blocks to uptown subway. 
10711 The hotel was beautiful, the staff was attentive. Our room was very clean. We could walk to shopping, and the area was not too busy to do so. 
10712 Very cool, classy, beautiful, chic hotel!! We had a great room loved the deep tub, great drinks on the Rooftop bar and great service all around!!! Came here for my birthday weekend and will definitely come back!!! Also love the decor!! 
10713 Great service, good staff, fantastic location! We loved it! 
10714 I never thought a neat little place like that exists in New York City. Our room was small but who cares it was really really CLEAN. Ignore the litter you see around the surrounding areas, that's NYC. This hotel is a gem. We'll definitely go back 
10715 I should have given this hotel 4 stars (instead of 2) in my previous review - I just hit the wrong button. The hotel is in a good location, rooms are large and high tech. Room service was good. 
10716 Hotel en times square, muy bien ubicado esquina con la misma plaza, decoracion moderna pero un poco anticuado, ideal para pasar unos dias en NY. Buena relacion calidad precio, creo que volveria. He estado alli durante una semana en familia. 
10717 Truly enjoyed our stay. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Great location. 
10718 i go stay here often when I am in town on business. Great staff and awesome rooms. 
10719 The hotel is just off 44th street just around the corner from times square, very comfortable they have everthing you need. The staff are polite and helpfull we had a fabulous hoilday and will return to stay at the Intercontinental Times Square. 
10720 It was a mistake to trust AAA's recommendation. I would rate this place worst than "Terrible" if I could. This hotel should be demolished and the owner put in jail for ripping off people. The worst of the worst. 
10721 Bathroom tiles had mold. Furniture was threadbare. Sheets had holes. Towels were stained. 
10722 Bathroom was falling apart and the price was too expensive for the room we had!! It is definitevely not a good place to stay and we expected much more luxury for the 600.- bucks we paid. Breakfast really poor .Do not go to this hotel!!! 
10723 Zimmer war extrem winzig, geteiltes Bad ok, Sauberkeit auch in Ordnung, sehr zuvorkommender Rezeptionsservice, Lage top, Naehe U-Bahn, Klimaanlage funktionierte nicht: im September Temperaturen von 27 Grad Celsius im Zimmer. 
10724 Nice location, breakfast could be better every day the same and if it is busy the supply will stuck, so you must wait for your eggs and so. 
10725 Hotel bien situe, juste a qulques pas de times square. Rapport qualite-prix tres convenable. Nous le conseillons vivement. 
10726 excelente hotel, me he hospedado por varias ocaciones y es un hotel a recomendar... buen servicio, buena comida.... 
10727 excellent location, quiet and within easy walk to most shops and attractions. Friendly and helpful reception staff, good breakfast - enough to fill you up until dinner time. 
10728 I liked this place much better than the Palmer House Hilton, where I was attending a conference. Free wifi, free drinks at the bar (where the bartenders and bar menu are great, not to mention the restaurant), and generally very friendly and comfortable place. 
10729 Central location, good views, but no club lounge for Ambassadors. 
10730 Stayed here for 4 nites early June 2012. Excellent location, close to subway, Central Park, Times square, Rockerfeller plaza etc. Rooms clean, staff unobtrusive. Good value. 
10731 Everything at the Hampton Inn was wonderful for our stay during the Thankgiving holiday break. The staff was great including the assistant general manager, Kevin. We couldn't have asked for more. 
10732 Exceptional guest focus from the staff. The customer focus was spot on and the friendliness was beyond any other in Houston 
10733 Top notch customer service. Fabulous breakfast each morning and wine and cheese reception each evening. The entire staff was helpful and courteous. The management staff is very customer service focused. The room was quiet and clean. We would definitely stay here again! 
10734 Great hotel! You must try breakfast! Hotel is really clean and the pool area is nicely kept. If you like basketball they have a decent court, but no net on the rim... Idk if you can get a basketball at the front desk or not I had my own ball 
10735 This isn't that bad of a place considering all the awful review it's gotten. Stayed here for 3 nights for a business trip and was just fine. the place is clean, helpful staff and the location was perfect to get to almost anywhere in the city. 
10736 Great staff ,....Super rooms ...,Great location......Great value 
10737 Staff was friendly and helpful. Rooms were adequate and clean. Close to subway and one can walk to many sites. 
10738 Beautiful brand new hotel, the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. Close to subway so easy to get around. Staff very helpful and always had a smile. Free champagne reception every evening. Would definately stay there again. 
10739 Not up to Starwood standards. Very poor housekeeping standards, my room was either missing towels, pillow cases each day of the stay. The property needs a major updating, it looks stuck in the '70's. There are many other properties close by, try one of those instead. 
10740 The concierge is not a real concierge. They are there to sell you their products and tickets at a really high price. You can go across the street and buy Broadway tickets for 1/2 price or go tot the box office. 
10741 Modern rooms. Great view. Huge bed! - very comfy! Wifi. Fitness suite. Looks the same as on website. Helpful staff. Perfect location. Previously stayed I'n hotel Pennsylvania with school which was awful. Went here with boyfriend for valentines 2011. Would definitely recommend and will stay here again!! 
10742 Clean place, but it's as if the hotel scrimped on wherever it could scrimp. Front desk also acts like they're being bothered if you ask them anything. 
10743 Overall great experience! The service from the front desk to the bell boys was 5 star! Refreshing change from some of the other hotels in NY! So grand is going to be my hotel in NY! Loved it! Made my stay in NY!!! 
10744 Really small room. Uncomfortable bed. Poor AC. Maybe this is a good value for NYC, but anywhere else, this hotel would die a horrible death at this price. 
10745 What a fantastic hotel, the location was great, the lobby was beautiful and the room crisp and clean! The staff were fantastic and helped my fiance and I celebrate our engagement while on this vacation. Would stay at again! 
10746 A perfectly located hotel for Times Square and all of the New York attractions, room was clean and comfortable, staff efficient and welcoming, all in all a great stay. Only fault is we would have liked to stay longer! 
10747 We, a family of 6 with kids from 9-17, spent a week in NYC. Spacious accommodation at reasonable prices are not easy to find in NYC. Combined with central location and great service, BW Hospitality House ensured a great vacation for the whole family. 
10748 This place is right in the heart of the LES! Walking distance to Subways, Little Italy, Chinatown, and the Tenement Museum. This place is small, but so is everything in the LES! It is very clean, courteous staff, and good prices! 
10749 We got two rooms for great price for the location. We asked for rooms next to each other. One room was nicer/spacious than the other. Staff was always eager to help you. Lobby was pretty. Mad 46, bar/restaurant/rooftop lounge was popular and busy, but we received good service. 
10750 I spent 3 nights at this place. everythin was clean and neat. they were on time and the room service was amazing. there is a new bulding being built right by this hotel, which kinda blocked our room view but i didnt really care. 
10751 Just spent six nights there and had an excellent stay.Very welcoming receptionist took a little time to find us a good quiet room away from ice-machines and elevators.Marvellous bed ! 
10752 You will love this older hotel that is clean, roomy with a great staff close to everything downtown. We could walk to shop, eat and seea play. The staff is friendly, courteous and helpful. Well worth the effort. 
10753 Reliable internet, breakfast, great location, friendly staff. Great value. Highly recommended for visits to the medical center 
10754 Great location and fabulous people make this a great place to stay - a thoroughly enjoyable experience. 
10755 Good deal - 3 nights for price of 2. Great location. Staff pretty good, although a late night room service order was expensive and incomplete. Very comfortable rooms - we had a suite, teenage sons shared a twin room. Would happily make this our NY base again. 
10756 Rooms weren't ready until 4:30 which was ok but they have no shower doors...water goes everywhere and makes a complete mess....you have to pay to print anything and you are paying 200-350 a night...over priced and barely mediocre at best...would not chose to stay here willingly again 
10757 This hotel has some of the smallest rooms I've ever stayed in. Two double beds barely fit in the room. The breakfast is subpar for a hotel free breakfast which makes it pretty bad. The location is convenient to Penn Station and Koreatown, but that is it. 
10758 Stayed at the Hilton with my family for a long weekend. Hotel was clean and comfortable. Great location to everything. We all had a great time! Parking was a bit pricey, but hey, it's NY! 
10759 The Setai NYC, is one of the best hotels we have every stayed in, every single member of staff goes that extra mile to make you feel welcome..Rooms are superb..Restaurant Excellent..Bar on Fifth with nightly Jazz is again Excellent.. Would recommend without exception, 
10760 Great stay in this perfect located hotel. This hotel has a great front desk team taking care of guests 
10761 Really nice hotel at a perfect location close til Times Square Bryant Park subway etc I had booked a small single room but got a huge room which I did not expect so my expectations were exceeded The free wireless internet worked perfectly. 
10762 D is for disgusting, which this place is. U is for unique, which is the unpleasant odor throughout the place. M is for my God, not even the bugs want to stay here. P is for please cancel your reservation. NOW! 
10763 This Hotel is very nice with incredible views, my recent stay, October 2012 on the 51st floor had am amazing view of the Empire stateroom. The room was clean and had no signs of wear. I highly recommend this Hotel. 
10764 Booked this hotel from the net and judged it on the web page pictures and text. Do not be fooled. A "standard room" in this hotel is dreadful. DO NOT STAY HERE....I WILL NOT AGAIN. 
10765 We really enjoyed our stay. The beds were extremely comfortable and the room clean. The staff were pretty frosty when help was asked for but the location was very, very good. Coffee and tea making facilities would be a great advantage as would be the use of a fridge. 
10766 Friendly staff. Very comfortable beds, clean rooms. Convenient location. 
10767 Alisha Martinez is one of the best service employees not only in this hotel, but period! She alwasy exceeds requirements and expectations! 
10768 This hotel is in walking distance to Central Park, Radio City Music Hall, and Rockefeller Center. The rooms are spacious. The staff was very helpful. My only complaint was stained furniture upholstery. 
10769 RESERVE 2 NOCHES PARA 3 ADULTOS Y UN MENOR...ME DIERON UNA HABITACION CON UNA CAMA Y ME ACONDICIONARON OTRA CAMA EXTRA, COMO QUIERA NOS ACOMODAMOS Y A CAMBIO NOS REGALARON EL DESAYUNO, LA ATENCION DE TODO EL PERSONAL ...EXCELENTE!!! 
10770 Great location downtown with lots of restaurants in the area. Clean, quiet and has a good fitness area as well. I stay here almost exclusively when in Chicago. 
10771 When in the city, there is no better place to stay than the Andaz. The staff is simly incredible, the service stellar and rooms chic and comfortable. It is the perfect place for a weekend away. One of our favorite hotel anywhere! 
10772 All the staff were friendly and helpful. Enjoyed our stay. 
10773 Were there from oct. 9 to oct .12 , '08, great place to stay, clean beds, clean bathroom, relatively quiet. Small elevator and small room , but enough for what you want if you are a tourist in NYC. Definitely will stay again. 
10774 I know this hotel collects internet fee for $9 bucks per day. However, you will be charged for $18 bucks if you access internet with your laptop and cellphone. That's ridiculous. 
10775 Hotel is in a convenient location close to theatre district. Rooms are nicely decorated lovely bathroom but test of hotel is currently being renovated. Building work over the road noisy in the morning. Good value for money. 
10776 Great service. The house cleaners were very attentive. The front desk was always there to address any problem. The swimming pool was relaxing and therapeutic. We had a great stay and look forward to our return. 
10777 Clean, larger than usual room for Midtown Manhattan. Very convenient to subways, a block from Times Square! Also, there's a fantastic French restaurant across the street...really great for breakfast and lunch! 
10778 Excelente hotel! Muito bem arrumado, todo novinho, muito bem localizado, perto de metro. Um dos melhores custo-beneficio. Fiquei encantado com o banheiro mesmo sendo coletivo. 4 banheiros por andar! sempre limpissimos, grandes, novos.. Voltarei com certeza! 
10779 Perfect location, but thats all... Breakfast is not continental, just some slices og white bread. No cheese, ham, bacon, peppers, cucumber or tomato... 
10780 friendly staff, quite large room for New York, good location although the design is a bit too much and the hotel is a bit dark. Apart from that very good value. They overcharged me with 400 $ on checkout so be aware of the bill!!!! 
10781 Friendly, helpful, welcoming staff. Trendy, chic rooms. Great lobby bar. There was a heat wave when we were there, and they were giving out snow cones as you left the hotel in the morning.. nice touch. 
10782 I have stayed at this hotel 3 times in the past few months. The service has been better than many 5 star hotels. For NY the rooms are above standard-clean, bright, roomy, great value. The breakfasts are an extra perk! 
10783 Went to the Westin in N Y august 2011 and I cant fault it for service,cleanliness,location and fantastic view.I liked so much im going back with my family june2012. 
10784 Very very small rooms. The rooms are closet size and you hardly have enough room to open a large suitcase. The room however was clean.I would not stay at this hotel again - it is just not worth it. 
10785 Great service. Perfect location. Nicely appointed rooms of comfortable size. Great addition to the ny hotel market 
10786 The location, staff, hotel itself , is still great. You enter the lobby and it's like entering an oasis, with all the noise and commotion outside. A true treasure. I would definitely consider this hotel when staying in NYC. 
10787 Great hotel, staff, location. Beds are so comfortable. Will be back to stay for sure. Loved it! 
10788 After leaving NYC for 8 years, I found myself having to take a business trip for a week. The hotel, lovely. The location, perfect. But the staff, especially Mr. Rommel Gopaz, was superb. Friendly, courteous and knowledgeable. A truly wonderful experience. I will return. 
10789 Nice boutique hotel on the northern end of the Magnificent Mile. Nicely done rooms and excellent customer service from maid service, maintenance, and the front desk. 
10790 room is big enough, good housekeeping. near penn plaza and a few blocks away from times square, which is a very big plus! free internet on our stay, though no complimentary breakfast, it is near food establishments. 
10791 This hotel is overrated and deserves only 2 stars. It does not have ice machine, and exagerated # of room occupancy. Rooms are old, wallpaper peeling off, and pipes noisy at night. The manager & front desk clerk are uncompassionate, inhumane, disriminating and liars. 
10792 Whitehall location is excellent, near to the Magnificent Mile. Room space is more than enough, good bathrooms, and high quality beds. Room is clear and service is attentive. Hotel reception, elevators and corridors are not well maintained and deserve a renewal. 
10793 My room had a nice view of the city. It had also been renovated. The beds were most comfortable. The staff from the bellman to the maintenance people were very friendly. Very comfortable room. Would love a bathrobe in the room. 
10794 We have spent 6 days in NY in this hotel. Great location and excellent service. The personnel is very friendly and helpful. Daniel in the reception had great idea about the hamburgers :-) Next time in NY again in Doubletree. 
10795 This new hotel has a great location, friendly helpful staff and very clean rooms. Basically, everything you need in an NYC hotel. We'll be back. 
10796 The staff was very helpful and professional. Rooms are smaller than other Kimptons, but it is NYC and that is the norm. Clean rooms right in Times Square. 
10797 It was fabulous, they looked after us so well. We had ordered a stretch limo to collect us from the airport and the whole holiday did not disappoint. Exceptionally clean and comfortable. All and more. Do not take heed of the problems with the lifts hardly bothered us at all. 
10798 When I arrived at this hotel, I was welcomed by Farida Alek at the front desk. I have never had anyone search for so long and so patiently to accomodate me in a marvelous room. What an assest a person such as MS Atek is to the Marriott family. 
10799 The black woman that ran the front desk was HORRIBLY rude. The smell of the sewage is getting worse. I will not stay there again until you get that smell contained and it smells healthy. 
10800 Even though my company would pay for a room at twice the price, I wouldn't stay anywhere else, comfortable, funky--great neighborhood--easy access to midtown--and a great mix of guests-- 
10801 Ottimo hotel in piena Midtown a 2 passi da tutto gestito da spagnoli. Personale gentilissimo, camere spaziose e pulite. Temperatura della stanza troppo bassa all'arrivo, conviene farsi spiegare subito come abbassare l'aria. 
10802 A little too small for me. Had problems with the toilet which backed up every day;. And the restaurant where we had breakfast needs to be remodeled -- it's looking a little shabby. For this price I'd consider staying elsewhere. 
10803 Have stayed at this hotel 4 times over the past 6 months. The staff here is exceptional. The rooms are very nice and the beds comfortable. Highly recommended. 
10804 Excellent location within midtown new York. The hotel is clean and tidy with pleasant hotel staff. The nearest subway is half a block walk - 2 minutes. I would use hotel again as the location was perfect 
10805 The hotel is in midtown about 4 blocks from the Chrysler Building and we felt safe walking around the neighbourhood. Plenty of restaurants to choose from. The hotel suite was very nice and the staff very friendly. The price was right too, so all-in-all we'd definitely recommend it. 
10806 Estivemos neste hotel e gostamos muito do atendimento, limpeza e principalmente da localizacao do mesmo .Proximo das melhores lojas de New York ,a 1 quadra da Macys 
10807 Se voltar pretendo ficar neste hotel novamente 
10808 The staff was amazing! Harold even pulled bus route information for me. The hotel was very clean. I walked to a conference 1 1/2 miles away and felt very safe. Thank you. 
10809 We went for the week- end and found this euro-style hotel. The hotel is small, as is everything in it but it was stylish, modern, and clean. The staff were very pleasant and helpful. We'll go back I'm sure. 
10810 Really not much to add to the other positive reviews. The location is great, the rooms are well appointed, the hotel is clean and efficient and the staff is professional. Considering the price I paid, I'm even more impressed by the value. Definitely a great find. 
10811 This hotel is the gem in times square. The rooms are huge, and the staff is so kind. My kids and husband had the time of their lives. I want to thank Eddie for making sure my girls had chocalates every day. THANK YOU ALL 
10812 After reading the reviews I was skeptical about the hotel we booked. Loved loved the staff, great locations and fabulous bath products. Anyone who says they had a bad stay, clearly expected the four seasons. Fabulous studios for a great price. 
10813 Ottimo hotel per tutto: stanze grandi e pulite,doppi vetri che rendono perfettamente insonorizzata la stanza;bagno ok,molto pulito e neanche troppo piccolo. personale molto gentile e disponibile colazione ottima per ogni gusto posizione perfetta a due passi del centro e dalla metropolitana,servito in tutto dai negozi ai ristoranti. consigliatissimo! 
10814 Room was a little small, but very nice. Free water was a nice touch. Ask for a room that faces the river. Wireless worked OK. Everything is in walking distance. Staff was FIRST CLASS!!!! 
10815 Just stayed at the Roosevelt , loved it !! Rooms were FAB, the staff was great and you are close to everything ! This hotel is FIVE STARS for service, food, rooms, atmosphere and location ! Hope to be back in November. Thanks for the memories !! 
10816 The minute we (my wife and i) we had a happy welcome greeting from W agents. I thank all of them for the kind attention!!! Concierge desk is the BEST! Clean and well organized... Best from Panama City, Panama Alejandro 
10817 Stayed for the 4th of July weekend. Super clean, super stylish. Restaurant food was outstanding. Great wine list. Perfect for kids and adults due to location. No bed bugs!!!!! Loved it will return again! 
10818 Nice hotel, good food within the hotel, courteous staff. Great location in Times Square....no complaints! We spent the weekend with our 4 boys as a Christmas gift to them along with tickets to see Wicked. Good show although I think they would have enjoyed other Broadway shows more. 
10819 Everything a you'd want in a NYC hotel: good sized and clean room, excellent location, no bedbugs, quiet floor, free Sunday brunch, fast check-in and check-out. But the dirty toilet seat was unacceptable, not to mention a health hazard. 
10820 The Hotel is very good and welcming. When ever I come on business I stay at this Hotel, The staf at the Hotel is very nicw and helpful especially Ann Mara Gayle from Guest relations. Also the location is excellent. 
10821 Excellent, friendly staff... rooms are clean & comfortable... hidden treasure is restaurant in lobby, outside patio seating... Front desk staff Amazing & very, very helpful 
10822 I stay here often for business because of it's proximity to Penn Station. It's just a few blocks away so I can check my bags coming and going. I have always enjoyed clean rooms and courteous service. 
10823 Dated to shabby furnishings and interiors. Clean bathrooms. Rooms overheated, takes a long time to cool down. Convenient location. Ok for one night but needs some TLC. 
10824 We had to cancel our reservation due to sudden illness less than 48 hours in advance of check-in and were charged a full nights rate plus taxes - no exceptions, no rain check unless the future booking is made at the time of cancellation. Book with care!!! 
10825 excellent rooms, clean and big, cheap prices. Subway station near the hotel. excellent diner beside: Pearl's Place But the aera is unsafe. 
10826 Great space, large living room, large nice bathroom, excellent decor. Great service! The room service was great too, nice being able to get a Gordon Ramsay restaurant meal to the room. A bit overpriced, have stayed at similar or better for less. No views as surrounded by other tall buildings. 
10827 The Edison Hotel has a nice lobby with seating areas and art deco murals. Service is great! This hotel is close to everything,Time Square,theaters,Radio City,Rockafellow Center and the subway to take you anywhere else is less than a block away! 
10828 Basic accommodation but in a great location. Staff were friendly and the room was clean and comfortable. Close to the trains, park and Michigan Avenue made it perfect for what we wanted at a reasonable price. And free wifi! 
10829 free parking, walking distance to McCormick place (tho we DID drive and pay the parking since parking is free at the hotel) CLEAN rooms, great food in the restraunt, Cant wait til April! 
10830 Thank you for all yours attentions with my family the room and the breakfast is excellent 
10831 The room is clean and cute. Great location, and the staff is super nice. I had a wonderful time n definitely will stay again!! 
10832 Save energy, gas, by staying nearby your meeting. HGI is close to many companies on Energy Corridor I10, and Dairy Ashford, Eldridge. Comfortable, good value, reasonable Internet, food ok. Maybe a little boring if you stay more than a few days but, hey, we're here on business. 
10833 I spent hours online researching the perfect location to celebrate our 20th anniversary. This hotel was perfect! The room was just as described and pictured -very comfortable and contemporary. We will visit again! 
10834 Got a good rate on hotels.com, just wish they had firm pillows. What is it with the infatuation of hotels and feather pillows? When I asked for firm pillows......I got more feather pillows. Nice bar. Room was nice. Modern. Worth $130 a night 
10835 This was my second stay at the Wingate Manhattan. The amenities, staff, and room were great. I'll stay again on my next visit. 
10836 Clean rooms, good staff, good location, lots of parking space, average rooms, good sleep. Might stay there again when visiting Houston. 
10837 Stay there several times, close o navy pier. Movie theater is across the street. Michigan ave is close. Rooms are big and clean great views of the city or Lake Michigan. no complaints other than price of rooms is bit high. Also no free wifi! 
10838 Good location in the upper east side. Half a block from the subway station and Central Park. Across the street from the Natural History Museum. Relatively quiet neighborhood (for NY). Decent restaurant in the hotel. Nice room. Competent staff. 
10839 Nicely appointed property! Huge bathrooms and comfy beds. The service was excellent! 
10840 This was a great hotel, No problems what so ever. One of the better hotels we have ever been to. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA++++++++++++++++++++ I could go on but why. Great location. 
10841 I arrived late, was tired and was greeted by friendly staff. The room was clean and comfortable. The hotel was beautiful, clean and the hot breakfast was good. Great price. Will stay again. 
10842 Nice hotel, great location, clean and desent rooms. Next time we will go back to this hotel!!! We won't look for other hotels anymore. 
10843 This hotel is great for frequent nyc business travelers. They have easy access, via subway, to all points. Their concierge is the best ever! Exec Chef Ed prepares incredible food! They have very nice, professioal staff! Highly recommended! 
10844 Tiny rooms, couldn't control the room temperature, staff ssssslllllllooooowwww to respond to request for heat, breakfast was overpriced. Felt like I should have my wallet surgically attached to my hand to get any member of the staff's attention...wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. 
10845 Clean, trendy rooms. Great location, fairly quiet, by a park. Excellent bed. 
10846 Paid $150 a night here, split 3 ways with my fds. We were close to lots of places, time square, macys, msg... theres wifi in the rooms. They also hooked us up with some comedy tickets I wouldn't mind stayin here again. 
10847 A large hotel but with a friendly staff and impecable service. Prices for food and drink are horribly high but that is the norm for Manhattan (and there are excellent alternatives nearby.) Excellent location. The room was large, clean and well-equipped. Will stay here again. Hilton properties rarely disappoint one. 
10848 Tremont is an older hotel that has character along with a friendly staff! The room was clean but a bit small. The location was great!!! Mike Ditka's restaurant is attached and offers a wonderful menu!!! It also provided the eating area for the continental breakfast !!!! 
10849 The entire staff was oustanding and very attentive to our every need. The room was spotless and clean. I always stay at one of the Hilton Hotels in NYC and I would rate this one tops. 
10850 We had last year a superior room which we found satisfactory. Near by is Times Square, the music-house Birdland, restaurant Row, and the hotel has a breakfast restaurant with reasonable menue. We have stayed there many times, and have found it price-worth with everything just close by 
10851 Stayed at the Westin on Michigan Ave and it was fabulous. Great area to walk to lots of shops and restaurants. Felt totally comfortable despite the fact that I was travelling alone. Took a tour around the city! Fabulous time of year to visit also. 
10852 We loved staying at this hotel. Location, rooms and not to mention the bar and small resturant were great. The lounge bar was great for unvinding after a days shopping, and the staff gave us great pointers on what to do and see in the area. 
10853 Stayed here as a result of going into the theater. Very clean priced right. Would definitely return, bare bones but had ll you need. My visit was pleasure, but would be great for a business person. 
10854 You pay for location. It is an old hotel very well located. So if you don't find a new hotel in the same area for about $230, this is a good option. 
10855 Recently returned from weekend stay there. Fantastic hotel because its location, service, rooms and concierge help. First rate and very good value 
10856 I stayed here for two nights and was very impressed by the hotel. I will definitely stay here again. The hotel decor was just right, the desk staff and cleaning staff were very nice and efficient, and everything was very clean. 
10857 Super hotel , tres sympa, tres bien situe,petit bemole les chambres sont tres petites mais ce n 'est qu'un petit detail , quand on va sur New York ce n'est pas pour rester dans la chambre !!! Je recomanderais cet hotel et de partir avec expedia. 
10858 I loved this hotel. Awesome location, rooms and all hotel was beautiful. I have no complaint. I really recommand this place. 
10859 can't beat the location. the room was nice with a great view to hell's kitchen and the river. lobby currently being re-modeled. bummer. staff friendly... great elevator system. generally very clean. NYC is such a great city... loved being back. 
10860 If you are looking for a hotel with bed bugs, slow service, and no vacuum on the property, this is the place for you. Don't walk but run from this place! 
10861 Stayed here in early March 2012 and couldn't recommend the hotel highly enough. Fabulous location, with breakfast a REAL bonus. Wonderful staff, especially Elena, who couldn't have been more friendly or attentive. We can't wait to go back and have recommended it to friends and family 
10862 My family visited Chicago a couple of weeks ago and stayed here. It was a perfect location since we were on our way to American Girl. The room was spacious and clean, pool was clean w/ a great view, I would stay again. 
10863 nice hotel, we had a large suite, the interior felt like you were at a beach hotel. close to the galleria mall 
10864 Walking distance to Times Square, across the street from Penn Station. Nice lobby. It goes downhill from there. The rooms are filthy, with paint peeling from the walls and ceiling. You don't want to walk on the carpets with bare feet. It is a real scuzzy place! 
10865 Great location in the centre of it all, friendly staff, although I never felt very "warm". The room was nicely done, and was a real home for the few days we spent in NY this time. The room was a bit small, but fine. 
10866 The rooms were clean and spacious. The king size bed was comfortable and the bathroom was a good size and well lit up. Walking distance to the galeria. Good value for money when you do the pre-paid. 
10867 The hotel is in a good location Macy;s, Penn station, Madison Squire garden, Empire state building etc are nearby. The hotel rooms are good but the service is below average. The hotel has changed from one chain to another chain; but the service remains the same. 
10868 I stay at a lot of hotels, but I can't think of any staff that is more proactively friendly than at this hotel. They smile and say hello, and if they learn your name, they use it again. 
10869 Great location. Fabulous breakfast waffles, quite room with comfy bed. Bathroom recently refurbished. Negatives, dinning room very very small. Needs news carpets in bedroom (mud brown ). Over all a few small improvements would make this a gem of a place. For now iy scores avrrsge to good. 
10870 I thought the hotel was excellent, of course - I read the reviews and knew exactly what to expect. The rooms are small but very clean. The beds were super comfortable. The front desk service was pleasant and helpful. No complaints, I highly recommend it. 
10871 I stayed two nights at this hotel and really enjoyed the experience. The room was clean, the staff friendly, and location accessible. I particularly appreciated the kitchen with full-size refrigerator, microwave, stove with pots and pans. I highly recommend this hotel. 
10872 I loved the Stay hotel. I had expected an apartment type accommodation, but this was much better - extremely central for midtown, funky public areas (bar, lobby, restaurant) and great staff. I'd definitely go back. 
10873 Just back from 4 nights in wolcott, very good location, room was small but nice. Shower hard to keep at good temperature, and some banging from central heating, other than that very good overall 
10874 Dennis, Cintia, and Brittney were very helpful during our two-night family stay at the Intercontinental in Chicago. Thank you! 
10875 Staff were great, rooms were clean, no surprises. Staff at the bar, The Library, were great. Mike kept us entertained after a night out. He knew how to pronounce Toronto, "Tor-on-a" 
10876 hotel in posizione centrale (a un centinaio di metri circa dalla Grand central station) 
10877 8 december 2012 Just returned from a 4 night break at the Amsterdam Court Hotel Staff polite and helpful fantastic location for TImes square and all the tea and coffee you want day and night! Would definitely recommend to others! 
10878 I always enjoy my experience at the Zaza in Houston! Staff is super friendly, rooms are great, just super service! Food, both room service and restaurants is excellent and the bar is entertaining! Again, I always enjoy my stays at the Zaza! 
10879 Me and my wife spent our first day married with you and your hospitality and everything was spectacular the people were great the view from our room was great we will definetly be back soon thank you so much Mr&Mrs Wroblewski 
10880 Gran hotel, limpio y comodo, el trato fue muy bueno. Cuando volvamos a NY este sera nuevamente nuestro hotel. 
10881 room are clean bed was comfortable 
10882 Friendly staff, free shuttle to and from all truck repair shop in the area. less then 60.00 a night with discount. fresh made waffles.cold cereal , juice, coffee in the morning. keep up the good work. and thanks 
10883 Looking for a hotel with wheelchair access, get room 1904. Roll-in-shower,Jr Suite hugh room. Best I have ever stayed in NYC. Clean, great view, stay again for sure. Close to lots of sites, food, etc. Had a dinner across the street for www.thebuonicontifund.com 
10884 Doting staff and gorgeous decor. Walking through the front door, you feel as though you're being transported back in time to a heyday! 
10885 I recently stayed at the W and am always amazed at how helpful and friendly the staff there is, from the minute you walk through the front doors until checkout. TK in particular stood out and helped arranging some things for a friends birthday! 
10886 Clean well appointed rooms. Exceptional staff. They keep their comittmetns 
10887 Stayed here 27 -31 Jan and loved it! Fab location, gorgeous room, great bar and friendly staff. Delicious cookie on arrival too! 
10888 A good value IF you get a room on the side that is not adjacent to the elevated train tracks; trains rumble through every five minutes until midnight or longer. Clean, pleasant staff, on edge of Chinatown and near Little Italy and not far from SoHo. 
10889 When I travel for business, I always stay in hotels with good quality gyms. The Westin at River North not only has great facility, but their staff are very attentive and helpful. They built a workout program for me that was perfect. 
10890 This hotel was the cheapest we could find in Chicago around the area we wanted to stay. It is fairly old, but our room was quite large and the location was good. We got a good, cheap, American style breakfast from the restaurant in the mornings. 
10891 Had heard so much about The Pierre. What a disappointment. The hotel is jaded, rooms and public spaces need urgent refurbishment. Unfriendly staff. We had a large suite, but besides its square footage, little else worth talking about it. Never again. 
10892 This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. This building is supposed to be destroyed to be replaced by a sky-scapper, and the hotel is clearly not making any efforts to keep this hotel in a decent shape. 
10893 We stayed here for 2 nights for the New York 1/2 Marathon. The hotel is clean and quiet and the doorman was exceptional. We were running late for breakfast after the run and the staff was very accommodating. Thank you Kitano! 
10894 We stayed in a corner suite on the 16th floor. Wonderful location, service, breakfast, and amenities. Highly recommend it for families visiting Chicago. 
10895 Briljant dakterras op de 15e met cocktails, ligbanken en uitzicht over de Hudson rivier. De bar van het hotel is hot en happening er staat een rij van buitenstaanders om binnen te komen met hotel sleutel altijd toegang en geen rij! 
10896 I liked this hotel because it was walking distance from Penn station, had a good breakfast, and it was a nice overall hotel. 
10897 This is a great hotel that still believes in service. It's so pretty I could have just sat around all day and not left. The Sunday brunch they do is amazing, just be sure to come hungry as it is vast. 
10898 Clean and spacious room with friendly and helpful staff. Good location and easy access to subway. Would stay here again. 
10899 The first room we were given did not have a good view but the staff at the front desk solved that problem. The room was great and the staff acted like the really liked their jobs. Excellent service! 
10900 This hotel is great value for money. Absolutely loved it. The location is in chinatown and a block from the D subway. The staff, especially the night receptionist (I think he's name was Stanley) are extremely friendly. Clean, inexpensive hotel. 
10901 Very nice updated room, but small. Since we were only there overnight, the size was fine. I would definitely stay there in the future. 
10902 Old - Betiful view - Go there if you do not know NY....it's central 
10903 My stay was wonderful servers in bar louie are great make you feel at home breakfast was spectacular servers stayed on top of everything very friendly and helpful so I want to say THANK YOU very much to the front desk and Breakfast staff for maken are stay SPECTACULAR. 
10904 The service at the hotel was very good. But there were bedbugs. When I reported them to the front desk, they seemed dismissive like 'it couldn't happen here!" I thought that the ambiance was excellent along with the accommodations and proximity to lots of sights. 
10905 Rooms are not horrible but not very clean either. Staffs are not very friendly and hotel is not really in a great location. 
10906 L'hotel NEW YORKER est a recommander pour un sejour a New York: Hotel style art deco completement renove; chambre tres agreable et tres propre; situation excellente a 10 minutes de marche de Times Square.je suis enchante de ce sejour et de Hotels.com pour leur reservation. 
10907 Great location, could walk to central park, time square. Reception were friendly and did not take long to check in. Rooms were clean and beds and pillows were comfortable. Would stay here again, price was reasonable. 
10908 Goed geslapen, netjes te woord gestaan. Alleen jammer dat je voor internet moet betalen per uur of per 24 uur. 
10909 Began our Second honeymooon at the Conrad Hilton this summer & needless to say it was a great start. !! Fab Decor with hip & fashionable lobby and very inspiring artworks. The rooms were spacious and very elegantly done. I loved the bath products!!. 
10910 Uso sempre i Novotel , quello di NY e molto bello , posizione fantastica personale gentile , purtroppo mi hanno dato la camera al nono piano, per il resto veramente tutto ok 
10911 Ligging heel centraal, om de hoek bij Madison Square Garden & Macy's. In de straat zelf allemaal Koreanse restaurants waar je voor weinig geld uitstekend eet! Kamers zijn voor NY ruim, vriendelijk personeel. 
10912 In New York you get what you pay for... I have tried to find deals in Manhattan and have never experienced the service, quality and class as I have at the Four Seasons. Kudos to management and staff. This hotels rocks! 
10913 Beautiful hotel. Great location. Wonderful staff. Good value for North Michigan Ave. Highly recommend! 
10914 Roshan and is staff were very attentive, not surprising considering the nice facilities they offer! 
10915 Wonderful staff Friendly and efficient, especially Carmen on Floor 22 
10916 This location is horrible. It's noisy and I didn't get any sleep at all. I heard the freeway noise, the barking dog in the next room, the crying baby, the dump truck picking up trash. Although the bed was comfortable the location sucks. 
10917 Stayed duing the Xmas/New Year week. Rates were comparable to the Westin, but better location, breakfast included, suite size rooms, very big bathrooms, 4pm checkout made it a much better value. 
10918 People do a very good job, everyone in the staff is very friendly and helpful. Rooms are new and clean. Building needs maintenance outside, corridors are dark, I think it needs lighter colours. I would recommend this hotel to a friend. Good value for the price. 
10919 Great location in the middle of everything. Subways right outside, movie theatre downstairs, great restraunts short walk away. Rooms are decent size with large bathroom. Would definitely stay here again! Downfalls are $15 daily charge for internet and $20/day to use the gym. 
10920 Great front desk staff. Lauren is outstanding at the front desk! Super clean rooms and bathrooms. Intimate small cafe behind the lobby for breakfast and later for drinks. Will return to this lovely hotel again for my next trip. 
10921 Mancanza di connessione WI FI ad internet.Bagni scomodissimi.Prezzi eccessivi negli extra.Carenza di accessori in camera ( pantofole, spazzola etc. )Camere senza doppi vetri e molto rumorose. Hall grande ma poco ricettiva. Prima colazione inclusa cara ma buona e abbastanza ricca. Personale gentile ed efficiente. 
10922 I concur with most of the negative reviews. Very expensive, yet very shabby. Bathroom is tiny, dirty and smelled of mildew. Desk had sticky stuff on it. Linens were worn. Slip cover on chair worn and dirty. Light in entranceway burned out. Decidedly downscale. 
10923 The hotel is in a great location, the bar staff is friendly, and the bell staff helped a lot when the airline lost our luggage. The front desk could have cared a little about the guests but all in all it was a good experience. I would stay here again. 
10924 Great comfortable beds. Good breakfast included with room rate. I love the fact one can actually open a window in the room. Wonderful location close to subways, cabs, and outdoor markets. Very affordable for New York standards. Would stay again! 
10925 Should I get to go back to New York, I wouldn't want to stay anyplace else. I have no suggestions for improvement on their part. Perfect!! 
10926 This hotel is easy to get to relative to others in Chicago, is often quiet and relaxing, and has superior staff. Sam in the health club is great, if you are working out I would highly recommend talking with him. 
10927 great family weekend. staff was very accommodating. totally recommend. 
10928 Ottimo hotel per la sua centralissima posizione , ideale per visitare la magnifica new york, stanze nella media nulla di particolare ma con tutti i confort, fantastica come dicevo la posizione , personale cordiale disponibile , lingua italiana, buona la pulizia , un po fastidiosi i condizionatori nelle stanze interne 
10929 Beds were very comfortable, very clean room with good quality sundries, walking distance to Times Square, restaurants, and subway. 
10930 Excellant hotel, clean, quiet, nice rooms, friendly, helpful staff, decent breakfast, good location, would recommend it to anyone. 
10931 Spacious rooms, great service, friendly and helpfull staff/concierge and good location. Also seems to be somewhat of a hot spot with lobby bar (forget the name) looking busy although sadly did not have time to check it out. Will definately go back. 
10932 Great location for getting around. Plenty of good restaurants on 9th avenue. Safe location. Remy in particular provided a really good service and is a well experienced member of staff x 
10933 Highly recommend this hotel for its charm and professional and courteous staff. Location is terrific! We will definately be back! 
10934 Perfect location, wonderful staff. Very small lobby, very small rooms but comfortable. Food was good. Location was really great for walking to and from theatre, shopping and dining. An OLD building but in good repair and clean. Resident Cat was a bonus. 
10935 Staff was excellent. Rooms were clean and comfortable. 
10936 Stayed here in November. Great service, SPACIOUS room ( i mean this is NYC) and centrally located. The person below who complained it's not "near times square" should stay in a hotel in times square. I would stay here every time i need a hotel in NYC. 
10937 Location fabulous walkin distance 2 Time Square,Grand Central Station and Empire State Building.Very clean helpful staff always had a smile.WOULD DEFINITELY stay again had great view of Empire State Building from our window had an amazing time. 
10938 Our ladies' troup have become a regular visitor at Casablanca. We simply love the hotel, it's location. Everything is very clean and the staff friendly and helpful. Great location! We will be back for the next trip to NY City 
10939 This hotel has everything you want, short walk to; subway, tour buses, Times Square.........everything is close by. Staff were delightful. Highly recommended. 
10940 Great Central location, but a lot of this hotel is a little tired. Some of the rooms are being updated (Finally). Have stayed here multiple times, as it fits my needs for location. With the room upgrades, i am hoping the rest of the hotel gets the same treatment. 
10941 I almost do not want to rave about this little find. A boutique hotel with a great location, excellent service and lots of nightlife choices! We'll be back soon... 
10942 Una vista a St. Patrick's increible. Excelentemente ubicado y a pesar de ser Navidad, mantuvo la calidad de servicio acorde a un 5* con todas las letras. 
10943 Spent a girls weekend and could not have had a better time. The location was great with restaurants and shopping right there. The staff helped arrange our rooms and last minute reservations to restaurants. Everyone we encountered where very nice and helpful. 
10944 The Mich was great. Service was excellent and I had no issues with the worker. Walk right out the door and the theater district was at your disposal. Parking was cheap for 2 days. 
10945 We had a great time in Chicago, and the hotel stay just made the whole trip a huge success. The service was great, the rooms were very clean and the beds were incredibly comfortable. 
10946 Great location, welcoming staff. Perfect for business or leisure. Rooms were standard HGI fare. Property is surrounded by fantastic restaurants and close to Michigan Avenue shopping. Lobby connected to Weber Grill restaurant, where breakfast buffet is available. 
10947 Horrible,Horrible,Horrible. Not sure what was going on but there seem to be some kind of strike. All types of people chatting something, couldn't even walk through the lobby. I guess staff don't get treating so well, I cant image how the staff will treat there guest 
10948 omg the marriot hotel dont even ask me how was it ! its like A W E S O M E omg madddddddddddddd fun <33 ., mad foooooooood ( imfat ) .lol Juszt qo its On Broadway any questions aim me Woah bbe x 
10949 Awesome location, beyond comfortable rooms, hospitality amazing, very affordable !!!! Most of the staff was informed and helpful, they went the extra mile to assure ourcomfort and safety. Absolutely the BEST of the BEST !!!! 
10950 A truly lovely hotel.Our first trip to New York was made all the more special by staying in such lovely accommodation.Can't imagine how anyone can fault this beautiful hotel.A perfect location and one where we wouldn't hesitate to stay again. Highly recommended! 
10951 The Sofitel on W. 44th Street is centrally located to get to all the attractions of New York easily. Only a few blocks from Times Square, Grand Central Station, Bryant Park, and an easy walk or subway to Central Park. Staff are courteous and helpful and the rooms are comfortable. 
10952 The hotel is lovely....stylish, really great customer service and lots of nice touches. The one MAJOR drawback for us was that the soundproofing is terrible and we could hear the couple next door "enjoying" themselves....eeek!!! 
10953 Safe, Chinese dominated area with range of OK oriental dominated restaurants. Close to good subway link into Manhattan, and La Guardia Airport. 
10954 Our first stay at the Waldorf Towers and we didn't want to leave. Everything was above and beyond - can't imagine a better luxury hotel in NY. All our requests and expectations were more than met. 
10955 I travel to Houston monthly for business and this place is great! Very friendly staff and great customer service. I highly recommend this hotel. 
10956 Modern, clean, comfortable and in the very heart of times square. Relatively well priced for Manhattan. The area is CONSTANTLY in action, so be prepared to drawn the blinds tightly to sleep at night. It's a safe area but stay in the populated areas after dark. 
10957 We really liked the hotel very much. Good location to explore NY. Lovely room, clean and very quiet which was important for me. The staff always friendly. The beds were nice and soft which often is disappointing in hotels. 
10958 La posizione dell hotel era fantastica, a 20 metri dalla metropolitana e a neanche un chilometro da central park ma l'aria condizionata era rumorosissima e non si poteva usare di notte, inoltre cera solo un ascensore per un palazzo di nove piani, il che mi sembra un po pochino... 
10959 Wonderful hotel in the middle of Times Square. Rooms were beautiful and spacious. Housekeeping was excellent, our rooms were always made up in the morning. Views were also great for the little time we spent in the room. Would stay there again and again. Not one problem. 
10960 The hotel's decor is quite unique and looked very fresh. The rooms are a bit small but still comfortable. Getting around was so easy and the travel desk was very helpful in booking tours. I would stay here again when back in New York. 
10961 Their conference room on the 2nd floor is fantastic for smaller group meetings (10-40). It has an amazing view of Lexington and is completely sound proof. Add that to the fact that the service and food is amazing...you can't pick a better place for conferences in NYC! 
10962 I have stayed at the Times Sq HGI a number of times and have always enjoyed the hospitality and responsiveness of the staff there. Great location, close to theaters, restaurant row, etc. Also a very good onsite restaurant, Pigalle, (French Bistro). 
10963 I spent a week in this hotel and I just loved my stay there. The staff is very kind. The location is great. The room very spacious. I will come back. 
10964 What a nice place to stay!!!Lovely rooms!!! Helpful Staff!!!Excellent location !!!What else do you need more?? We stayed with my wife in august last year and will definitely come back. Thank you Again 
10965 Nice hotel; large room, friendly staff, good location on Park Ave. just down from Grand Central. Ate breakfast at the hotel one of the two days I stayed, it was unexceptional. Very nice concierge staff. 
10966 Clean and large rooms, but thin walls, so we could hear our neighbours arguing. Breakfast not impressing, but ok concidering the price for the hotel 
10967 Escribo 50 caracteres por que Tripadvisor lo exige, el hotel es optimo, el lugar es optimo y NY es fantastica. 
10968 I stayed here with friends and it was a nice place with good decorating and friendly staff. Our room was nice and clean and we had no problems. I'd stay there again. 
10969 Venerable hotel, opened 80+ years ago, but not rundown or seedy. Central location can't be beat; walking distance to Times Square, New York Public Library, more, plus easy public transportation. If I had to describe the hotel in one word, it would be Convenient. Paid $169 through Priceline. 
10970 I felt very comfortable, and safe! Didn't have to travel far for anything! Consignor was very helpful! Hotel staff nice! 
10971 The Wocott is a lovely, well managed hotel in a great location. My room was unusually spacious and the whole place seemed really genuine (without doormen or luggage boys who expect you to accept their service even if you don't want it). 
10972 booked this Hotel after reading Trip Advisor reviews and can easily see why Hotel so highly rated. Only 50 metres from Times Square, great meal/lounge area, nice ambience,OK rooms and fantastically helpful staff. Cannot recommend highly enough if you want to stay in Times Square. A great value all rounder. 
10973 We spent a weekend there in October...and I was very pleased!! The hotel staff was very kind...the hotel was clean and had a professional appearance. The location was excellent...and fairly quiet at night. We will definitely stay there again. 
10974 This place offers an impeccable location. Service is prompt and professional. Exccelent slleep and go spot. i ll come back here 
10975 I travel weekly from Indiana and stay at the Marmara! It is truly a home away from home! The staff is incredibel especially Elif Akinci who continues to go out of her way to accommadate my requests! I will continue to stay here for my travel needs! Sandi 
10976 LOVED IT ,LOVED IT would definitly stay again !!!!! everyone was very nice and helpful,love the fact that time square was just a step away!!!!! 
10977 Wanted to love this hotel!! Room temp won't go below 74, not okay. The bed feels like a lumpy pile of hay. So disappointed!!! 
10978 My room was immaculate-the only thing I wish it had was a fridge!!! Other than that, from the beautiful reclaimed wood hardwood floors to the lush king size bed to the large flat screen with premium channels, it was wonderful!!! 
10979 The hotel is chic, right next to Time Square. The staff is really friendly specially the hotel receptionist Nathalie who was absolutely great and responded to all our questions and made our stay absolutely amazing!! Room is clean and quite classy. Really worth it! Would return there 
10980 Spare and classy contemporary style and comfort. Impeccably clean with friendly and helpful staff. Wonderful amenities including glass-bottled water and bedside chocolates. Walk to world class shopping, dining and mid-town offices. I will stay here again. 
10981 The best location in NYC! The hotel is a bit pricey but it's absolute worth it. Our room was very comfortable with our bed and the bathroom the highlight of our stay. 
10982 This hotel is steps from Times Square yet our room was quiet! I found that to be kind of amazing. Very clean, nice spacious bathroom, flat screen t.v., nice bed, pleasant staff. two thumbs up. 
10983 rubbish, massively over-priced hotel in a gloomy street with tiny rooms and staff who are so "cool" and busy primping themselves in the mirror that they can't actually do their jobs properly: avoid at all costs 
10984 Great front desk crew- super friendly & accommodating. Hotel is located walking distance to financial district, even Canal street/Chinatown is you're a hoofer like me. Rooms small but clean & adequate- who comes to sleep in NYC? 5 stars to the desk crew- they are what made it so nice- 
10985 Stayed here for 4 nights and really enjoyed it. Our room was spotless, the staff were very helpful and friendly. Also a great location near L stops and the lake and museums. Would definitely stay here again! 
10986 We were delighted to find this hidden gem just a block away from the heart of Times Square. The staff was wonderful and the accomodations were perfect. A great breakfast, free expresso/cappucino, and more. A great find! 
10987 I enjoyed my stay. Staff was very friendly. Good location. I would stay here again. Very much so worth the price 
10988 Clean, comfortable and great location! Friendly staff. Double rooms a little small but quite manageable for our family of 4. 
10989 We are all very happy how wonderful the service and very closed to time square about 2 minutes closed to everything. The room are very clean and clean bed and we were totally amazed. We sure will be coming back to this hotel. 
10990 Currently staying at this hotel and this is my first night. The pillow has stains. Ac doesn't get really cold. Great location right by magnificent mile. No 24 hour convenience stores nearby. Connected to Illinois center with some good places to eat. 
10991 stayed at the hudson for 5 nights (wifes birthday) although we booked through hotwire when the guy at checkin noticed it was her birthday he upgraded us to a suite 
10992 cool room 
10993 cool hotel 
10994 the bar 100% super cool 
10995 NOT TO BE MISSED if staying here or not 
10996 title says it all. Staff was rude on check in and out, TV barely worked, when the door for the next room closed it shook my entire room. 
10997 Great lobby but standrard room is extremely small, cools style but not comfortable. Not suited for business traveler; no easy outlet for laptop, "desk" is tiny, no comforable chair, metal desk chair is the only chair in the room 
10998 Stayed here to go to a show which was close by. The location for sightseeing and theater is great. The hotel was clean, quiet, and the morning brunch was plentiful and tasty. The concierge was very helpful, and the bellman was superb. Would definitely stay again. 
10999 There are better values in Chicago and the rooms are slipping out of date quickly. The awesome location doesn't quite cover for a hotel thats no longer near the top of the pile. Used points to stay, otherwise I'd begrudge the price. You could do much better. 
11000 This is a find for NYC. Nice rooms, rooftop terrace, an amazing location for site seeing, and at a reasonable price for the city. I was tempted not to share my secret find. 
11001 The room was great and the service was excellent. Great facilities and would highly recommend the hotel. 
11002 I thought all aspect of my stay was great. The only thing that i thought could be improved was the quality of the bed linen. It could be improved 
11003 Hotel Chandler er et rigtigt fint hotel. Godt beliggende lige ved siden af Empire State Building i en rolig gade. Personalet er meget venlige og hjalpsomme. Varelserne er ikke de storste, men der er alt, hvad man skal bruge, og alt er rent. Vil bestemt anbefale dette hotel. 
11004 Love the location of this hotel. Easy walking distance to many great restaurants and things to do. The roof top bar should not be missed. The rooms aer very clean and well decorated. The lobby bar is also nice as is the restaurant, Print. 
11005 Huge hotel. They were filming in front of the hotel, so I got a glimpse of Denzel Washington. It's a great location right by Grand Central Terminal, and Bryant Park, which is minutes away from Times Square. 
11006 The Sohotel is nice and clean. The rooms are clean and really small, we could just go around the bed, thats all. The personal were ok friendly. The location was central, that was convenient, for us getting around. 
11007 bien situe proche du metro; petit dejeune inclus;; mais nettoyage de la chambre le minimum syndical;; 
11008 I stayed at this hotel in June 2011 and it surpassed all my expectations. Excellent location with the subway on the same street. Chinatown is one block away. There is a Mexican restaurant next door that serves some good margaritas!! :) 
11009 The Michelangelo excels in every regard, from location to room quality to staff to price. I've stayed in lots of NY hotels and this will be my hotel of choice from now on. 
11010 This hotel is lovely. It is alittle off the beaten track but has great rooms. Subways are accessible but you need to know where they are. We found the service to be great as well and based on our priceline deal it was affordable. Would love to stay here again. 
11011 Very conveniently located in mid-town Manhattan West. Room was good, service was also good. Noise of subway at lower floors (we had stayed at 3rd floor) may be a slight problem. Complimentary breakfast needs to improve. 
11012 The Meridien is our hotel of choice in NYC. The combination of location, amenities, food and workout/spa is decisive. Service is smooth and discreet, as well. 
11013 Although lots of noise due to the WTC construction site, we've had an amazing stay at the Hilton with an incredible view ! 
11014 What a great place to spend the weekend, felt like we were on vacation. Great location so much to offer as far as entertainment and shopping. Room was great and the Heavenly Beds are Heavenly. 
11015 Beautiful hotel, immaculately clean, modern amenities, centrally located and the price cannot be beat. Honestly I didn't want to write this review because I don't want more people to know about it. Hands down best value in the city. 
11016 Very bad service, especially given the Four Seasons name and price. Stuffy lobby and room interiors. Overpriced. There are a lot better hotels in New York. Find them. 
11017 The hotel is in a great location on the Gold Coast. The staff, especially the door men, are very friendly and helpful. The rooms are nothing special: bed, tv, mini fridge, safe, hair dryer but clean. I would definitely go back to this hotel because of its location. 
11018 For a business hotel, I had a great experience at Four Points. The service was great-- everyone was eager to help and was incredibly considerate. I also had the best veggie burger from room service! Overall, a really good experience. 
11019 We checked in on Jan. 1, 2012, to make an early flight on Jan. 2. Staff was super polite and helpful. Restaurant was closed for the holiday but a comp. dinner was provided via room service. Wonderful breakfast next morning, quick and efficent shuttle. We plan another stay in March. 
11020 Staff very friendly and helpful. Special mention to John Williams who went out of his way to be of assistance. 
11021 Did an overnighter hear after seeing dinner and seeing Cirque De Soleil at Radio City. All aspects of the stay were fine. Very clean and comfortable. The lobby lounge was nice venue for a late night cocktail and relaxing with friends. Would definitely consider a return visit. 
11022 The room was extremely comfortable, the hotel's location was central to everything we wanted to do in NYC, and the staff answered all questions and was extremely helpful. 
11023 I stay two sometimes three times a week and for the most part have had a pleasant stay. Some minor issues (slow drains, shower heads leaking everywhere, slow toilets and noisy doors) but overall pleasant. 
11024 Front desk staff were indifferent as to our existence. Bathroom grouting in the tub was brown and missing. Valet parking is on 41st not 42nd! Be CAREFUL! I got a $115.00 ticket. convenient location, but not really the four-star experience I paid for. 
11025 nice hotel, clean rooms, good breakfast. the lobby and front area seemed to have many people hanging around for no apparent reason. Outside courtyard had people in the chairs all day and night. 
11026 This place was perfect for my grown family. We stayed in a suite (a little privacy for everybody). Perfectly located, friendly staff. If I have any complaint, it is that the pull-out bed wasn't comfortable. But they rarely are.... 
11027 Hotel nel pieno centro di Manhattan, ottimo per tornare alla sera ed andare a letto. Visti i prezzi degli hotel a New York risulta una buona scelta. Le stanze, anche se piccole, sono pulite e ben disposte. 
11028 Very centric hotel, right in the middle of Soho. Very nice atmosphere, specially at the terrace and restaurant in the night. Nice modern decoration & comfortable rooms. The staff was excellent at every moment, we got excellent tips for food. A bit expensive but I guess thats NY ... 
11029 excellent hotel, perfectly situated for exploring New York. Pleasant and helpful staff, good sized and clean rooms, would definately stay again to explore this busy,vibrant city. Also make your way to restaurant Red 58 for the best burger you'll ever eat!!. 
11030 If you like the downtown area, this is a great, reasonably priced option. The rooms are small but fabulously functional. No wasted space here. Easily accessible to subway lines. Right above the 911 memorial-- a humbling, amazing experience -- must see. 
11031 I stayed here one night before leaving. The neighborhood was a bit sketchy and the room was grungy. It was okay, but I would not stay here again. 
11032 I meet with a group of collegues for a regional sales meeting ..... what a sucessful event, everything went so smoothly. There was not one complaint about a room. The staff was so accomadating and knowledgeable. I will definetly be calling to schedule next years meeting! 
11033 Over-rated hotel and everything associated with the rooftop bar is low class. Wouldn't want you to experience what we experienced. 
11034 was a great hotel, huge, and very very nice. stayed for 4 days, during nationals for web design, business professionals. 
11035 Stayed the end of July for a long weekend. $125 per night with pool and free parking with in/out privledges. Good location, clean rooms, comfortable, perfect for families. 
11036 Booked this hotel through "Hotwire." Terrific price and fantastic room (great location, too)... Book it! Staff wass terrific! 
11037 Catherine David was soooo helpful! Knows all about Chicago and fun things to do! She knows about the restaurants and the special events. The Chicago bears were around the area. The house of blues is across the street. New restaurants everywhere 
11038 At that price, you'd like to not be treated like the dirt. I understand the trendy cooler than human W attitude but unless my bed is made, my bathroom clean, the door opened, my bags carried and the towels not frayed, stfu. 
11039 Tres bel hotel, excellent service, chambre moderne, luxueuse et literie de grand confort. Personnel prevenant, professionnel et accueillant. Une tres bonne adresse proche des magasins et des musees. Restaurant de qualite / petie dejeuner en chambre a conseiller. 
11040 This is a great value for your money. The location was very good. 
11041 Travelling solo so location was excellent. Allowed later check out so I could go on morning tour. Very close to empire state building. Very clean and friendly, helpful staff. 
11042 We stayed at Affinia 50 for 4 nights recently and had a great time. The room was spacious and clean and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The hotel has a great location too - close enough to walk most places, but quiet enough to get some sleep! 
11043 No complaints: Loved the room, staff, amenities, location... I will be back. Love it!!!!! 
11044 Hotel ligt weliswaar een beetje achteraf in de 38e straat maar wel zeer dichtbij Times Square, treinstation, busstation en metro's. De prijs is zeer gunstig en voor de prijs biedt het hotel alles wat je als toerist in deze prijsklasse verwacht. Vriendelijk en behulpzaam personeel. 
11045 Spacious King Suite; Great pillows; Many near by places to eat; Great service 
11046 My husband and I stayed here on our long weekend trip to NY and were very pleased with the hotel. The hotel is huge, and has a large, really pretty lobby. The staff were helpful, the rooms were fairly large, and the beds were comfortable. We enjoyed our stay here. 
11047 The place was clean and very nice, but seemed a little pricey for my stay. The restaurant was very good but expensive. 
11048 Great location and comfortable rooms... 
11049 una reception maleducata al 90%, una stanza con una moquette sporca, non sempre pulita, con insetti simili a scarafaggi nei cassetti, senza sala d'aspetto, con computer che costavano un dollaro per 4 minuti, ma ne succhiava anche venti dopo pochissimi minuti. 
11050 I recently stayed at this hotel on business for 11 nights. The staff could not have been nicer. The location is great, within walking distance of several restaurants and the Galleria. The only negative thing was the cost of breakfast. Would definately stay here again! 
11051 A nice hotel, small but clean rooms. A draback was that we got a room facing the backyard. There were a fan that was extremely noicy. But after a couple of day we got used to it. However, the first night I hardly slept at all. 
11052 Having stayed at the W in NYC several times, I knew what to expect and Aloft Harlem more than met my hopes. Friendliest desk staff in the city, convenient to subway, and pristine accomodations. Will go back no question and thanks to the Aloft team for a wonderful stay. 
11053 Perfect area away from tourists but close enough to have the NYC experience. Enjoyed walking to Central Park, Riverfront Park, Museum of Natual History, and quaint neighborhood restuarants. Hotel was clean, secure, and quiet. I would reccomend the hotel and will definitely consider on my next leisure trip to NYC. 
11054 This hotel is a 10-minute walk from the Times Square. It's also a block away from the MoMA. It features a very nice bedroom and bathroom, confortable sheets and a great view. 
11055 This is the third time staying at this hotel. We just love it here, the staff, the lobby, the restaurant, the rooms, and of course, THE LOCATION. Close to everything, shopping, theatre, food, Hershey's and M&M's. Just wonderful, looking forward to coming back. 
11056 This Hotel is very Funky/Rocker look. I had a great stay and Dianay and Christe where very helpful in all the nice resturants/night life activty. I recommend this Hotel to anyone looking for a Hotel that will not break your pockects and right in the middle of time square. 
11057 THE ALEX ist ein sehr gutes Hotel in erstklassiger Lage. Nur ein paar Gehminuten zur naechsten Underground Station. Nur ein paar Gehminuten zu guten Restaurants. Central Park und Macy's just around the corner. Und allein der Ausblick vom Hotelfenster... wow. Chrysler Building UND Fluss. 
11058 The pleasant staff and phenomenal amenities made our stay very comfortable and relaxing. We will stay here again. 
11059 Great for a night in the City. Very Romantic and close to everything!! Will definitely book here again! 
11060 My daughter and I stayed here to celebrate her 15th birthday by seeing a few shows, museums, etc. Great staff. Loved the staff at the Burger Joint - the best burgers at the best price in NYC. Fantastic water pressure in the shower. AND they take Starwood points. 
11061 Stayed in NY many times but first time in the Times Square area. Pleasantly surprised how big and comfortable the room was compared to the boutique hotels. Couldn't believe how quiet it was considering the location. Staff was extremely helpful 
11062 This is a great hotel in a great location! The breakfast is especially wonderful. Mohiuddin is a wonderful server for breakfast in Ginger's restaurant. He is professional, friendly, hard-working, gracious and very responsive to the patrons. And, terrific omlettes and waffles are made-to-order by Eugene. 
11063 Hotel with a nice modern style, helpful staff good location and good cocktails in the bar. Rooms small, but what do you expect in New York??? 
11064 Stayed here in early February for a theater and opera weekend. Arrived in the pouring rain. Check-in was easy. Room was very comfortable and quite large by NYC standards. Hotel is very well located for shopping, theater, dining, and public transportation. 
11065 Not your average hotel. This is probably the best hotel I've ever stayed at. Would definitely recommend for anyone wanting to stay in downtown Chicago. The fitness center had the newest and best equipment: tv screens with ipod ports on every treadmill/elliptical. 
11066 Nice location, very close to Wall Street. Great view to the river. Breakfast was a bit poor. The rooms are rather big and very comfortable. We LOVED the window for the whole wall. But we liked the hotel. 
11067 Hotel location couldnt have been better, a little shabbier than when i stayed there 6 years ago but clean and quite satisfactory for the amount of time we needed to be in the hotel and would definately stay there again. Would also recommend Dannys deli a couple of doors away. 
11068 we stayed here for four nights(3-7 sept) and could not fault this hotel,a 4 star hotel with 5 star staff.the location was perfect and the view of the esb from our room was a wow factor.we will definitely stay here again. 
11069 Great hotel for being out and about in the big apple. Clean. Friendly. Safe. Charming neighborhood. Close to subways. affordable. And comes with full breakfast. We will be back 
11070 Just got back from 4 nights at Hotel 41! Location - Great Room - Very clean and comfortable although small Staff - very friendly Breakfast - very nice Would defo stay there again. Great Hotel for the price. 
11071 We have just come back from a week at Yotel and cannot fault it. Superb staff, comfortable well designed rooms, good location and excellent value for money. We will certainly return. 
11072 Muy buen hotel cerca de la 5ta. Avda., de Broadway, del Central Park, Limpio y comodo.Muy buen trato del personal. Es un hotel MUY CONCURRIDO, pero perfectamente organizado.Lamentable que no tenga WIFI gratis. Volveria a hospedarme. 
11073 Good location, clean and ccomfortable. Check in was immediate (at 11 am) and the staff friendly. Pleanty of coffee shops near by and one block from the subway. 
11074 The Casablanca is a jewel of a hotel in the midst of the hub-bub of Time Square. Quiet and perfect. Beautifully appointed, and with a superb staff. Ideal for theater-goers, and folks that just want to walk the Great White Way. My personal gem. 
11075 residence tres bien situee au coeur de manhattan. petit dejeuner copieux le matin ;collation a 18 heures certains jours de la semaine. la chambre possede une petite cuisine ou il est possible de faire une prepartion culinaire basique. personnel tres efficace. un must pour visiter nyc 
11076 Clean, convenient and very nice hotel. Rooms are small by hotel standards but very reasonable for New York. 
11077 Proprio piccoline le camere, ma la posizione, il bagno in camera, la pulizia e il prezzo lo rendono un buon compromesso per NY. A due passi da Central Park, dal Lincon Center, dalla Columbus con bar ristoranti. 
11078 This is really the perfect city hotel. Perfect location, excellent service and quite refined for a city hotel. The hotel comes accross as rather tranquil although it is in the middle of all the hustle and bustle. 
11079 Beautiful hotel. Very contemporary! Exactly what I expected from a NYC hotel. Clean rooms and great location. Friendly staff! Excellent eating area. Great view from the sky room. Great restaurants near by! Cant go wrong with this hotel. 
11080 The room was fine, and the location was good. The lobby is spartan, but very helpful staff. If you need a place to sleep, the Wyndham Garden is fine. 
11081 Stayed for one evening between flights. Small room with king sized bed, desk, recliner. Comfortable room for one night. Rooms were quiet, never heard the airplanes. Had dinner in Italian restaurant, food was good but expensive. Would stay again for convenience, location and value. 
11082 two words to describe the hotel ( THE BEST ) the staff was great and helpfull! the bellmans was always around when you need them! the room was very confortable! the complimentary breakfast was great! friendly, i say friendly people working at the hotel! OH YEAH! DEFENITLY, I'LL BE BACK! 
11083 Location, restaurant, personalized service, Room decoration: Excellent! 
11084 The location like everyone says is great but the hotel is terrible shape-old broken furniture, peeling wallpaper, broken drains, broken lampshades and stained carpet. I have stayed in better motels! was clean and the staff was friendly enough though. 
11085 wonderful staff, great location close to subway. great coffee across the street, lovely breakfast on the corner. Small front desk, and rather cold, however doormen are a wealth of info and work hard for you. Great little bar in the evening with nice lounge area. 
11086 Kwaliteit van de service laat te wensen over. Kamers er koud en veel herrie van straat. Geen minibar. Te kleine ontbijt ruimte. Voor het bewaren van koffers bij vertrek wordt extra toeslga gevraagd. Tip: ga buiten de deur ontbijten, is helft goedkoper en gezelliger. 
11087 Only a short walk to navy pier and magnificent mile made it a perfect location! Staff is super nice! I will definitely stay again next time I'm in the city! 
11088 Stayed there for three days on a conferance .Did not have any problems with buffet breakfast evn though i am a vegeterian.very freindly staff. Free internet on two stations available in the lobby area. 
11089 hotel location: fantastic - next to Times Square hotel accomodation: scruffy -absolutely awful!! 
11090 We stood there for 3 nights when we were stranded for one week in New York because of the vulcano. Design. No window view at all (wall). Oldfashioned bathroom wich doesn't match the bedroom. Very unpleasant staff at the reception. 
11091 Staff were great. Elevators can be tricky but you eventually figure it out. Room was small but furnishings were brand new and very modern. Room service was great! Close to all of the Times Square action. 
11092 Very convenient to IAH. Basic motel, but clean and comfortable. Bed was a little below par, but still fair sleep quality. Location was a plus for me this trip. 
11093 clean room, hotel looks older but well maintained. Location great for mag mile and navy pier. 
11094 This was awesome. We paid 240 a night, and were certain that it was going to be pretty shabby. it wasn't at all! great price for the location. 
11095 To start off, the Mondrian is in a great location in SOHO. The decor is very cool and classy and the rooms very clean. The staff, surprisingly for such a trendy looking place, are extremely friendly and accommodating. My family and I very much enjoyed our stay there. 
11096 After a disappointing last trip away I needed luxury and ritz definitely delivered! Food, service, everything to the highest standard, Fantastic!!! If there was a sixth star the ritz would be the first to have it as it flew past the 5 star mark with ease! 
11097 Started out at the Flatotel in Manhatten...one word...yuck...changed the next day to the Michelangelo...one word...beautiful. I will stay there without question every time I visit. 
11098 Excellent location.Great service and food.Rooms spacious and bathroom fab. Highly recommend for any occasion business or pleasure.Always really well looked after especially by Johanson. 
11099 we only stayed there one night and would not stay there again. The room stank of smoke and the hotel staff were not very friendly. they did not help us with our bags and we had to carry them ourselves to the taxi in the pouring rain 
11100 This hotel was very clean and sophisticated. They even had a complimentary filtered water dispenser equipped with bottles to take with you on ventures throughout the city! 
11101 TripAdvisor reviews made me choose this hotel, everything i've read was true! What a great place! Great value for money! Looking for great location? great Service? Choose this hotel! You won't regret! 
11102 My daughter and I celebrated her birthday at the Palace and had a wonderful time. Our room was large for NY standards. It was very clean and quiet. We had great service and everyone was very friendly. The hotel was convenient for us - shopping and shows. 
11103 When you step into times square you just can't escape the voice!!! Once in your room though, you forget you're there!!! 
11104 The Belvedere is a fabulous hotel. Great location, great rooms which are spotlessly clean and very friendly helpful staff. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York and I will certainly be visiting again. 
11105 The hotel was great!! Clean, friendly staff....breakfast and cookies!!!! The only complaint was the airport shuttle was kinda of expensive...but I had to use it because my flight was so early. I loved everything about the hotel though...I was very suprised..much nicer than I was expecting. Breakfast was good. 
11106 El hotel esta en una inmejorable ubicacion, segura, caminando 5 minutos a central park, el subway a solo 1 cuadra 
11107 Las camas muy comodas, limpio, internet excelente. 
11108 Right where you need to be in NYC. Rooms are small but clean and comfortable. No frills NYC hotel perfect for your weekend sight seeing. We were on the 10th floor with only one lift it could be a little slow getting up and down sometimes. Would still recommend. 
11109 Very nice hotel. Excellent customer service. Very clean. It's small, but that's a NYC hotel for you. No complaints. The food in the restaurant is very good. Great whisky selection, as well. 
11110 The rooms were clean but the hotel itself was just old.....not a "classic" old either....just old. 
11111 It was perfect. The staff is very friendly, always a smile for you. Also it's very clean; just what we needed in the Flat Iron building area. 
11112 I always come back to this hotel, top position for business The rooms are small and old A bottle of water on the arrival day should be appreciated Be careful with the prices that can be more than double in the differents periods of th year 
11113 I was upgraded to an outstanding suite so was able to accomodate guests for an evening of celebration. The property is elegant and rare to find both elegance, cleanliness, regal charm and historical property as well as fantastic view midst the city center. 
11114 Great service and the world's friendliest doorman! Right in the middle of the theater district with shows and restaurants on all sides. 
11115 Muy limpio y bien atendido, excelente el desayuno y la ubicacion aun mejor!!! 
11116 Just a couple of blocks off N. Michigan shopping and on the bus line. Stayed here when it was the Holiday Inn 4+ years ago and since into a nice property. 
11117 i stayed at the edison for 3 days for a business trip in September 2009. I came back with scabies & bed bugs. i have been going through hell! PLEASE DO NOT STAY HERE! you will regret it! 
11118 Spent a weekend down there for some sunshine and family. Wonderful service...restaurant and lounge has great food and service. Sun doesnt hit pool until about 11AM for all you worshippers :) 
11119 The hotel is newly renovated and the rooms are very spacious and comfortable. The staff is very helpful and always willing to lend a hand. This hotel is located in one of the best locations in NYC, close to all major subways and many NYC landmarks. 
11120 We keep coming back to stay here! Best value, great place. Very clean, great beds!! 
11121 Hotel was clean and rooms were tidy a little squashed. The location isn't to bad only a little away from Times Square but not right in it as the name suggests. Staff were really nice and friendly which is always good. I'd recommend this hotel if the price was righty. 
11122 Went to the Waldorf over 12 years during my last visit to NYC. Was very impressed then, so decided to stop in again this time while in NYC. It's just as great a place as before. We had a drink in Sir Harry's bar off the lobby. Gorgeous hotel. 
11123 We really liked this stylish hotel. Many taxi drivers seemed to have a problem finding it but other than that it was all good. The rooms nice and clean, the staff were super friendly and knowledgeable about the area. Would def go back! 
11124 Lovely hotel. Especially enjoy the complimentary coffee and croissant service in the morning. 
11125 Great location not so friendly staff. Great deals in the area t shop & little Italy just right around the corner. Rooms need updating. 
11126 We enjoyed the hotel and definitely recommend. The location is excellent, cleanliness very good, very good restaurant too. We indicate with certainty. the only thing I dislike is that the Internet is paid. the hotel has a wonderful view and is very close to Times Square. 
11127 I just can recommend this place! My boyfriend and I stayed here for 5 nights and we had a great time. Nice clean room and a very clean bathroom! Just the nightclub on the otherside of the road was a bit noisy! 
11128 Mala atencion, sin ascensores, si te tocan pisos altos estas complicado, me ha pasado. Se oyen todos los ruidos del pasillo y las demas habitaciones. Por lo que pagas, conseguis algo mejor seguramente. 
11129 This is a very good hotel, small, right off Times Square. The rooms are not large, but well -appointed. Although close to Times Square, noise is not a problem. Very good location with easy access to rest of Manhatten. 
11130 Great location, but renovation is urgent which should be done early 2013 if I understood correctly. No free wifi which is a shame. No basic stuff such as boiler pot, the/coffee... Nothing really expressing French hospitality Need a lot of improvement since the rooms are not cheap 
11131 I stayed again at the London NYC. Excellent value for money with all-suite rooms. Great service (especially front desk, the Manager Marianne McCann is excellent). Rooms always very clean and comfortable. Fantastic! 
11132 Lo staff e' sempre stato disponibile ed attento per risolvere alcuni problemi legati al viaggio. Camera spaziosa e confortevole Pulizia adeguata 
11133 I had an excellente stay. My room was always clean, the staff was pleasant and allow me to check in earlier 
11134 Everything was very close plus I got to go everywhere I wanted. The consierge was excellente. 
11135 El hotel esta enfrente del lago Michigan y super accesible , el desayuno bufette de 10, y los cuartos muy comodos, las vistas al lago michigan espectaculares. 
11136 We visited NYC on a romantic getaway. The hotel was excellent. The staff was super helpful - especially Maria. We had got upgraded to a junior suite and the amenities were excellent (e.g. a sleep number mattress). It is about 5 blocks from Grand Central. Would highly recommend the hotel. 
11137 The Hotel Chandler is truly a hidden jem. It was my first time visiting but certainly will not be my last. I am so glad I found it! The decor is beautiful, the staff superb and the location is excellent. It is like an oasis in the city. 
11138 Nice hotel - we booked a special weekend deal that included parking. Accomodations were excellent. Very clean and neat. Helpful staff. Best location in financial district! 
11139 Nice hotel but they are unresponsive to their guests complaints. I emailed them twice about a problem with m bill and they never answered! I would think with what they charged i would have the courtesy of a reponse 
11140 Stayed here for 5 nights over NYE. Lovely hotel, clean and modern and easy walking distance of Empire State, Rockefeller, Bloomingdales....etc.. Was very expensive but that is probably because all hotels are in NYC over NYE. Overall good experience, would stay here again. 
11141 Stayed one night at a decent price, perfect location, rooms are small but clean bathroom. Lockers for $5.00 to leave your luggage after or before you check in, this is my hotel from now on when in NYC, and thanks to Joey for the friendly service..:) 
11142 room not ready at checkin however did allow us a free international call for ill relative room was too small no tea making facilities ! front desk staff very courteous and polite always helpful and very friendly esp eric and abraham 
11143 This hotel was great. The location was awesome, the staff was nice and friendly, the rooms were clean and spacious, and the sound-proofing was really good. Breakfast in the morning was very good and the concierge was quite helpful. I would recommend this hotel to anyone! 
11144 We love Chicago. Priceline, 4 Stars and we got Hotel Felix this time. It should be 3 stars. Nice place, VERY small rooms! 
11145 All staff friendly 
11146 Our room was on the 29th floor, it was extremly spacious , clean and very comfortable , clean towels daily ! Hope to return again in November 
11147 Would strongly recommend this hotel 
11148 Look out for offers ! 
11149 Love this hotel. Great location, friendly staff. A special shoutout to David, a doorman, who particularly helped me out. 
11150 exelente localizacion centrica, muy bueno hotel en serio! a reforzar la atencion del personal y que el lobby es sumamente ruidoso 
11151 Stayed here for 3 Nights and had no complaints. Good price makes it even better! 
11152 Clean, comfortable, affordable, good location. Staff very helpful and pleasant. Breakfast was decent for the price (free) and sack breakfast for those on the go. My room was on the top floor facing downtown (WTC). $680 including tax for 4 nights, 
11153 This hotel is fine..but not great. The rooms are dark and the ceilings are concrete, which might appeal to some, but just feels cold to me. Service is prompt. No restaurant on site, but there is a bar with average food/drink. 
11154 Nothing is impossible at the Waldorf, or so they say. I'm sure it is great if you are a head of state. If you are not ; get up on your feet. Minibar service has been discontinued and you have to buy water in street. 
11155 We stayed here for a long weekend. The location is perfect for attending Broadway shows and the cost was an excellent value. The hotel was quiet, the rooms clean, and the staff was very helpful. I highly recommend this hotel! 
11156 This is a nice hotel, close to many attractions in the City, the decor is really classy and elegent, the rooms are very very very small thou! 
11157 The bed linens had stains. The staff was very rude (with the exception of one lady). The towels had tears in them, very old and roughly used a few of them. It was more of a self service hotel. Definatley not a classy joint. 
11158 We stayed in this hotel on our HoneyMoon, it was fantastic! It has a revolving restaurant on the top floor too which gives great views over the city. Expensive place but what do you expect? Take lots of money but well worth it. Can't wait to go back. 
11159 Loved the location. Perfect for shopping and bar scene. Concierge took care of restaurant reservations with little instructions. Ed and Wayne were fantastic and made the stay memorable. Great seeing employees genuinely loving their job. 
11160 Good hotel, I stayed for one night with my girls, friendly staff, awesome beds, rooms very neat !! 
11161 This W is chic, great music, lobby, drinks etc.Front desk is satisfactory, the rooms are a bit small however the problem I had was with the whenever/wherever service and the shower temperature..this property is a hit or miss, you either luv it or you hate it. Good luck! 
11162 I like the single room since it is comfortable and trendy. Good food and wine in the bar restaurant! 
11163 I've been in many hotels in NYC, Four points Is one of my faforite now. My room was clean and very Nice. the hotel was close to everything, Shopes and restaurants. Great and friendly staff! Very helpful! Michal Baum 
11164 Our stay at the hilton garden inn on west 35 was excellent. Very nice staff, very clean rooms, awesome location. It`s definitely the one hotel we`ll be staying at when we come to nyc. Very good job, you guys! Roxi M. 
11165 Didn't disappoint. Excellent cocktails. Amazing food. Superb food. Simply spot on! 
11166 The rooms are spacious and clean with georgous veiws! The friendly staff makes you feel like you are the only guest in the hotel. 
11167 Hi, we spent a week at the Deauville and we really liked it. The location is great, the staff is friendly and the rooms are quite large ( at least for NY ) and it's quite cheap. 
11168 soho grand is a nice hotel. the rooms are small but with comfortable beds and good baths. the service is very friendly. best is the convenience. their location in soho is perfect. short walk to all shops and restaurants. we would go back. 
11169 This hotel is hidden a couple of blocks off of Times Square which makes it within walking distance of lots of things to do and see. 
11170 Just back from new york, its the second time we have stayed here, its a basic hotel, good value for money, the complementry breakfast is great, brendans grill is great for a steak well recomended, good location, will be going back. 
11171 Estadia perfeita, otima localizacao, quartos amplos, limpos, cozinha equipada. 
11172 Stayed here while in the city to see SNL. This was great -- super clean, modern and luxurious. The staff was OVER the top helpful, especially Freddy. Truly a perfect stay. 
11173 The Hilton Garden Inn Times Square is a nice hotel in a good location. The room was clean and comfortable. The service was excellent. There is a restaurant on site as well as a small business centre. We would definitely stay at this hotel again. 
11174 Stayed there four nights while checking the city highlights. Room and service were good, but best thing to us was location, central to everything we wanted to see and do. Walked everywhere but Museum of Science and Industry--and I mean everywhere! 
11175 Booked our trip through a package and selected the Crowne Plaza from their list. Was very pleasently surprised to find the room clean, comfortable and room. The bathroom was a little small. Hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. Will definitely stay at the Crowne Plaza again. 
11176 We were in town for a family wedding. The hotel was so close to everything, shopping, restaurants, beach, trains and even walking distance to the Beautiful Free Chicago Zoo! 
11177 Tegenover metrostation gelegen, beetje gedateerd, maar prima hotel. Airco (is noodzakelijk, anders wel warm op de kamer) maakt wel veel herrie. Verder rustig hotel, goede badkamer, goed bed. Kortom voor een stedentrip, prima keuze! 
11178 Walking distance to all lower Manhattan sites (Soho, Greenwich Village, Little Italy, Chinatown, Ground Zero, Battery Park, ferries to Liberty, Ellis & Staten Island. Room was very cramped, but quite comfortable. Breakfast was not the greatest, but nice when all you want is a quick bite before sightseeing. 
11179 great location at Times Square with walking distance, luxury hotel, staff pollite, bedroom it's great, this hotel is recomended for traveller n bussiness 
11180 The halls are scary looking (dirty and poorly maintained), the elevator feels like a tiny deathtrap, and the place appeared to be severely understaffed. But the room itself was fine, albeit small. But for the money (about 30% less than just about anything else) it was acceptable. 
11181 El hotel esta situado en un sitio genial, justo al lado de Times sq. Las habitaciones estan nuevas y muy limpias. El precio es caro, pero del estilo de los hoteles de la zona. El wifi es muy caro. 
11182 When I can, I bring my small dog along on personal trips. The Essex House is so welcoming to people and their small pets, and so conveniently located across from Central Park. It's a lovely hotel with excellent service. I plan to go back again this year. 
11183 This is such a great, quiet, but well-placed location. And you want to know ANYTHING about good restaurants anywhere in New York? - ask John - the concierge - his recommendations were ALWAYS spot on! Gooooood hotel!!! 
11184 This hotel is pricey, but definately worth the price. I would definately stay there again. It was small, but clean and nice. Close to everything. 
11185 Excelente hotel, todos muy amables, nos trataron como en casa, las habitaciones muy muy limpias y las mejores camas que he dormido!!!! muy comodas! Recomiendo este hotel aparte de su excelente ubicacion, no hay problema para moverse caminando. Si vuelvo a NY definitivamente volveria a SOFITEL 
11186 Highly recommended for anyone traveling to the city. Central location, in a hotel with newly refurbished rooms of an unusually decent size - stay here, you won't be disappointed 
11187 We checked in for a king room and they immediately upgraded us to a suite. It was immaculate. Everything from check in to check out was great. It is a little pricey, but totally worth it. Wonderful bar and restaurant, also. 
11188 This must rate as one of the worst hotel experiences of my life. Horrible rude staff at every level: from receptionist to backroom officers. No interest in their customers. Extremely expensive for very underwhelming facilities. 
11189 The Hotel is in a great location, with Penn Station across the street and Herald Square just around the corner. The garment district with Macy's and lots of retail is in walking distance. The staff is friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean and comfy, but small and very noisy. 
11190 I had a layover in NYC for one night and got a double room. The beds were great, and super comfy..in the middle of it all times square..what else..for the money the best hotel in that area,, 
11191 bellissimo hotel,in piena midtown....si gira benissimo a piedi tutta la parte centrale di new york..da times square a central park....personale gentile e cordiale!ottimo anche il bar "gilt" al piano superiore! 
11192 Fleas in the room, asked to be moved and new room old and smelly. Definitely NOT a 4 star hotel. 
11193 Be warned, we stayed for three days and came home covered in bites. Disgusting! Our doctor said "bed bugs". 
11194 Clean basic room and good view. Staff very friendly and helpful! Beds comfortable. However, I think it is overpriced considering $55/night for parking and $10/night for internet access. Location convenient. 
11195 Room adequate, although very small. Norma's 7 the burger place were very good; the lobby bar has wonderful physical attributes (ceiling height, effective use of mirrors and very enjoyable background music. Over-all good value but able to move up with a few room improvements. 
11196 It is a long hike underground from OHare but very convenient hotel for meetings. The rooms are large modern and very nicely furnished. The food is great and it is a nice property to stay at and is very consistent. 
11197 Modern bathroom. With walk in shower. Non traditional. Ikea type shallow sink. Easy access to metro. Lovely upscale bar with wonderful view at Lincoln center. ****Very short walk to Tiffany's! 
11198 Second time to stay here this visit was far better they our first!! Large spacious room with mini balcony over looking the pool. Shuttle service with 3 mile radius of hotel. Our driver was helpful, friendly prompt to pick us up. Will stay here again 
11199 Avoid at all costs. Very noisy. Minature rooms. Closed window was as if it was standing wide open in the middle of a crowded bar. Amazing people return. I will not. 
11200 The hotel's location is excellent. The lobby is beautiful and that's the only good thing inside. The elevators, staircases, the hallways are very old. The ice machine was broken. The room are very outdated, small and dirty. Bathtub was clogged and dirty. The old A/C made very loud noise. 
11201 The rooms were clean and beds were comfy. Bathrooms were nice as well. Not an overly fancy hotel but if you are looking for a great location and a clean place this is great. Elevators are slow on lower level floors. 
11202 De locatie van dit hotel was perfect. We weren vrij goed geholpen op het begin. Je hebt wel geen last van de drukte buiten. Op wandelafstand van Times Square. Kamers waren vuil en de tapijt lag er precies al jaaaaaaaaaaaaaren. Ik zou niet meer terug gaan naar dit hotel ! 
11203 Great deal for NYC at $155 nightly (with breakfast and during the holiday season). Excellent mid town location. Clean and newish looking. As for NY budget accommodations goes this is very reasonably priced. Recommended. 
11204 Mijn zoon (19) en ik hebben het geweldig naar ons zin gehad in dit hotel. Schone kamers heerlijk zwembad en ontzettend vriendelijk personeel. En natuurlijk vlakbij het beroemde uitgaansleven van New York. Dit hotel is echt aan te bevelen. 
11205 Very nice hotel , good location in China town, room noisy due to traffice outside, but no other complaints, staff very helpful 
11206 In NYC for business and spent just one night at the Trump. Wish I could have stayed longer. Truly a world-class hotel. Room was big, huge by NYC standards with a full living room, kitchen, large bathroom and big bedroom. Pricy but totally worth it. 
11207 Siamo stati al Marriott a fine novembre. La posizione e' strategica per lo shopping in pieno centro, la colazione e' classica americana, la hall e' carina. Forse le stanze avrebbero bisogno di essere rinnovate. Personale gentile e disponibile. Insomma un buon hotel per soggiornare a Chicago 
11208 A must for Kiwi travellers. Initially thought oh no wrong place, shared bathrooms, but fell in love with it. Friendly staff. Great price $95.00US + tax per night. 3 Blocks from Union Square Subway, central to everywhere. 
11209 This hotel is beautiful we used it on our first trip to New york. Massive room 2 double beds very comfortable. Location right beside Grand Central Station. Loved the whole experience would definately stay there again. 
11210 Stayed here for a mini staycation after going out to a concert downtown. The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was spacious with a nice shower. The staff was very polite and attentive to my needs and suggestion. Overall I enjoyed my stay and will stay here again. 
11211 Great location, wonderful view from the balcony, nice decoration and high comfort. Very quiet inside the rooms. Big and functional bathooms. I had no breakfast but it was very easy to buy it nearby. It was a remarkable stay. 
11212 I had a really nice experience here. Everyone was friendly and willing to help me. Room service was delicious and the front desk gave me a great restaurant recommendation. I will definitely return to this hotel. Keep up the good work! 
11213 I stayed at Hotel Sax for a wedding and had amazing stay staff was friendly. Bed was comfortable bathroom was nice. Great location and great view. I would highly recommend it for out-of -towers. My next time I go to Chicago I will stay at Hotel Sax again. 
11214 Very nice hotel if you are doing business in downtown Houston. It is well designed and comfortable, and the staff is exceptionally helpful. I will definitely stay here on my next trip to Houston. Even the room service was better than average. 
11215 This is sleeper for a downtown hotel. Located on the Chicago river with excelent views. Nicw bar area with views and separate area for breakfast. Easy to get to Michigan and State street shopping. Rooms are clean and staff very helpful. As a local I stay here every time 
11216 Esta situado en el mismo centro de New York. Es un hotel tipo boutique; con unas atenciones magnificas, habitaciones super comodas y lujosas. Se lo recomiendo a cualquiera que visite N. Y. Esta cerca de las mejores tiendas, museos, estaciones de trenes, etc... 
11217 Clean, neat, efficient, no frills... Just what we were looking for. The room is small, but had everything we needed. Front desk was friendly and helpful. Location is great for the Lower East Side. And the price - through QuikBook.com - couldn't be beat! 
11218 My review is more or less like other reviews that praises location, spacious rooms, and the free phone calls. The only con for me was that I had to go around the block twice trying to find the old name (Comfort Inn) till I,..u know the rest I guess. 
11219 I don't think I have one bad thing to say about the San Carlos. 
11220 Great Hotel. The location is super !!! enough space in a regular space for at least 4 people. Staff was really helpful as well! 
11221 Die Lage ist wirklich bestens. Zwischen UN und Chrysler Building, beides etwa 300-400 m entfernt. Fusslaeufig ist alles in Midtown zu erreichen. Das Hotel ist erstaunlich ruhig, obwohl mittig gelegen. Die Zimmer sind gross, wir hatten ein superior, das Bad geraeumig, sauber und komfortabel. Ideal zum Erlebnisaufenthalt in New York. 
11222 Nice Hotel and good location. A short walk to time square and the subway stop. Rooms were clean and not as small as some rooms I have stayed in NYC. The rates were reasonable as compare to other hotels. Would stay here again. 
11223 Perfect experience I had there and it is really impressive. Can't use few words to describe it. Just go visit there yourself and I I hope you can feel the same with me. 
11224 location is amazing in the heart of Union Square, but the room is not as good as location. if you will not waste your time in the room, this hotel worths!at least there is no bed bugs :) 
11225 ottima posizione vicino metro buoni ristoranti nei dintorni quartiere sicuro da consigliare stanze nuove ben tenute unico difetto porte non insonorizzate area per la colazione piccola dopo le ore nove fila 
11226 In a nutshell this hotel exceeded my expectations. The staff was great, hotel was clean and the price was excellent. The staff allowed us to check in early, upgrade our room and were super friendly with helping us navigate our way around NYC! Great place to stay. 
11227 A nice NYC hotel for business - not your typical business hotel thank god. Walking distance to most of the main sights too, even better. 
11228 Each time I have stayed here the rooms are very clean and well kept. Housekeeping does an excellent job, beds are made and room cleaned with fresh towels out when we return. I have stayed here many times with no problems. 
11229 The room is good, tv is good, but there is no coffee brewer in the room so we have to ask the staff at the lobby. That's disappointing. After all, i also satisfied by the staff especially mourad, because he help my family a lot, about transportation and stuff. 
11230 I had a wonderful stay here and was surprised to find this hotel to be very glam. The bed was beyond comfortable, room service very efficient, front desk staff friendly and a great value to boot. And it is walkable to everywhere in the city. 
11231 Very basic hotel - the rooms dont even have a safe! The hotel needs a serious facelift - especially the lobby! The room keys always kept resetting (not working!). They dont even gve you bottled water every day! Overall - a clean romm but thats about it! 
11232 Nothing bad to say. Trump covers all the details. The room was very large overlooking Central Park. Electronic shades/curtains mood lighting. Bed was very comfortable and the room was immaculate. 
11233 The agents were not helpful, friendly, or caring. The check in was not welcoming at all. The room smelled bad, and the concierge was interested in his computer more than he was of the people in front of him. 
11234 The staff was very courteous and the rooms were great. It was nice to be close to the University of Chicago. The room was not as dry as some hotels. 
11235 Nice hotel just should be cheaper overpriced Wish the price was cheaper and Hotel was not an inch form apartment overpriced expected better from the four seasons 
11236 Conveniently located near metro stop and Central Park. Next to Riverside Park this is a quiet area. Price for the location is very good and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Nice hotel for families as well. 
11237 I stood in the hotel for four days. I found the location vary convenient close to time square. The rooms are very clean and comfortable and the staff very professional. 
11238 Great location, great bed, but decor is a little dated. But staff is top notch. You pretty much know what you are going to get with a Four Seasons. 
11239 Continental breakfast either did not open on time, had no coffee, and always had the lowest quality bagels, muffins, etc. you can imagine. Location is right in the middle of Chicago's homeless/begging district and is rather unpleasant. Room was clean and nice though. 
11240 Great location!!---within walking distance to most of the major attractions. Loved it!..service was great. Someone always there to greet you at the door----always asking to help you. Location Location Location is everything in NYC. 
11241 This time, we went for five days with a group of 10 persons. Fast entry, no addiotional costs, amazing location one block away from Time Square. Superb breakfast. I choose this hotel again next time. Perfect service also. 
11242 Everyone is always warm and accomodating. I stay here often and will come back. 
11243 probably a better than average Courtyard -- staff was very nice and friendly I thought. You were always greeted with a "welcome home/back" when you walked in. room size was good for a downtown hotel -- king with a sofa sleeper and the 4 of us weren't cramped. 
11244 l'emplacement parfait entre 2 sorties de metro , 1 arret de bus en bas de l'hotel et vue sur central park personnel tres agreable et competent chambre tres propres et confortables 15 nuits dans cet hotel un pur bonheur 
11245 the room was small but clean - service was very good - skip the breakfast, it is not worth it - location is great, right next to Times Square and all the bus tour stops 
11246 + very friendly and helpful staff, great location, big room - old, very noisy, terrible matress, airco made a lot of noise, dusty room for a slightly higher price, you could stay in a Best Western, which is a better value for money. 
11247 Stayed 1 night at LQ Park 10. Location near Kaboom V-Ball Facility. Decent size room, beds not very comfortable, ac thermostat did not work properly, decent Continental breakfast w/waffles, and staff was friendly. 
11248 Capodanno 2010.Ho scelto una camera quadrupla, grandi spazi con angolo cottura che ti permette di cucinare tranquillamente x 4/6 persone. Problemi con aria condizionata,prontamente risolto con termosifoni portatili. 
11249 We had the opportunity to stay at the Doubletree in Times Square. Very nice suite. Breakfast was included which saved us a lot. Everyone was very helpful. Walk out the door and you are in the thick of things in Times Square. 
11250 our room was quite dark, only one window and it was the view of the back of the hotel... small bedroom 
11251 Hotel was clean, staff helpful, valet parking was great! Loved that we could leave our luggage locked up for the day while we explored the city before starting home. 
11252 Very nice, classy hotel. All of the staff is friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean, large and comfortable. Nice location. You must eat at Sullivan's when here - it is only a block away. I would stay here again in an instant. 
11253 Great location for visiting New York City, especially if you enjoy going to the theater. Lovely, comfortable rooms and fantastic concierge (special thanks to Monique for all her help!). Highly recommend this elegant boutique hotel which is located next door to the larger Millenium Hotel. 
11254 Big rooms are not easy to find in NYC. There is a breakfast option on the third floor, where we can use the public wi-fi. The location is great but it is a little bit pricy 
11255 Comfortable, clean hotel with warm choc chip cookies, great king size bed, and adjoining living space (smallish but manageable) with sofabed and large screen tv; located in the heart of Times Square; 
11256 Even though the rooms are small, the hotel's location is amazing. The hotel itself is very elegant, clean and the staff is nice. 
11257 We had a great stay. Rooms were very nice, staff was friendly and helpful, and the hotel has a great feeling throughout. Will definitely recommend it to friends, and will certainly be back. 
11258 Great hotel. I've stayed there with my wife and teenage daughter several times now. Clean and nice. And an absolutely great location without to much noise. Be aware of room sizes and rating. Check with the hotel and several hotel booking sites before booking. Great and affordable breakfast cafe. 
11259 prezzo/prestazioni insoddisfacente molto pretenzioso (hall con pesci tropicali, luci diffuse, grande televisore in camera, etc.)ma carente negli aspetti essenziali(camera minuscola, rubinetteria dei bagni arrugginita,aria condizionata non regolabile). 
11260 If you have the chance to stay here, all other things being equal, try this magnificent property at an unbeatable location. XMas in the city never wads so special! 
11261 Considering the relatively low price the position of the hotel is excellent, 2 minutes from the Empire State Building, 5 minutes maximum, depending on traffic, from Macy's. Rooms are relatively small but very comfortable, staff are very helpful. Free continental breakfast is very good although the breakfast room is small. 
11262 High price with complimentary breakfast limited to muffins and coffee, very small room, and not overly helpful staff. It may be convenient to Times Square but there are more nicer, much more afforable places accessible via the Subway. 
11263 Super gelegen hotel in hartje Manhattan. Veel bezienswaardigheden op loopafstand, kamers zijn schoon en bedden oke, iets te smal. Veel eetgelegenheden rond het hotel. Starbucks en Mac Donald aan de overzijde van het hotel. Badkamer van de kamers zijn gedateerd, wel schoon. Vriendelijk en behulpzaam personeel. 
11264 Great hotel, on Broadway, a 10 minute subway ride to Time Square.Staff was friendlier than any hotel I've stayed at in a long time. A few blocks from Central Park. 
11265 Our weekend rate in July 2010 was about $160 per night and evne though the rooms are small they are newly refurbished. The breakfast is very good and the location is incredible. 
11266 The hotel id placed in a memorable location. The only bad thing is you don't have free internet in your room and the breakfast is too simple and very expensive. The rooms are big and very comfortable. 
11267 Excellent location and value for money. 
11268 Room, including sheets was dirty. Not worth staying here. 
11269 For a good room go to another hotel, the bathroom had lots of mildew on the ceiling, plus the room was not very clean. This hotel belongs in a third world country, not in NY!!! 
11270 Great recent stay with my son. It was his first visit to NYC and hotel was most accommodating with a great room with a view. Hotel was clean and staff very friendly. Would stay again 
11271 The room was clean and the service was good. The continental breakfast is great. The only complaint is we could hear the street all night. I would recommend asking for a room on the backside. 
11272 We always stay at this hotel, and now they have renovared. The staff is friendly. We always enjoy free breakfast and free wify. The business center is very handy. Thank you, thank you for your hospitality. 
11273 Excellent small hotel in every area. This is my first choice in NYC for business travel. 
11274 Stayed two nights in late April and loved this hotel. A very short walk to all NYC sights including Times Square. Staff is friendly and the rooms are comfy and clean. 
11275 Well run hotel, bedroom spacious, bright, bathroom excellent. Breakfast average, not what an Irish person is used to ! Would stay there again and would recommend it to travellers to New York. 
11276 Het hotel was netjes, personeel vriendelijk. Elke dag werd de kamer gepoetst en de handdoeken gewisseld. Het hotel ligt op 50 meter van de metro, zeer handig. Enige minpunt was het lawaai van de straatkant. 
11277 This hotel did everything not just right..they did it in an excellent manner.. 
11278 Hi, we stayed here again over the 4th of July holiday and had another wonderful stay. The staff were great as was the room. Great job! 
11279 it is very nice hotel close to shopping areas in manhaten 
11280 Our room was the size of small closet. Rude and poorly trained staff. 
11281 freezing shower. No warm water.. no towels.. was horrible........foreigners cnt speak english,, dirty hotel. charge you for everything,. they are very money hungry.. not a warm quiet place.. i went there for a MODELING SHOOT 
11282 Adequate clean no frills, but I would stay again. Make sure to check out well before 12 as they will bill another night if a minute over. 4 dollar charge to hold luggage on arrival before 3pm and that's per bag. Great location just great. Staff were nice I thought. 
11283 Lovely hotel - highlight of my trip to New York. Great location and very stylish. Had an upgrade to a Club Row suite and loved loved loved it. 
11284 Suite came with a fully stocked kitchen with all necessary items to cook such as fridge, plates, silverware, toaster, sink, dishwasher, dish soap, dish towels and utensils. Roomy and clean rooms! Modern hotel. Decent breakfast included. Highly recommend! 
11285 Great place, great price, in the heart of the city, 5 minuts from times square and the subway. The staff is cortious and very helpful. Worth every penny... :) 
11286 We've stayed at the Waldorf and at the Marriot Times Sq, but the Casablanca is better than both. The staff make the place - so helpful and friendly. The location is great and we will definately stay there again. 
11287 stayed there from 10/10/11 to15/10/11 hotel in great location clean and staff always helpful have been to new york every year for the past five years but this is the best hotel yet the room was spotless and the breakfast excellent will stay there again in 2012 
11288 Goed hotel in rustige buurt en een redelijke goede pri8js/kwaliteit verhouding. Beschikbaarheid van Wifi is een absoluut voordeel. Kamer wel een beetje klein maar dat is wel logisch gexien de centrale ligging. Central Park nabij. 
11289 We stayed in this hotel for four days. It is a little bit old building, but is kept clean. The service persons are very polite and kind. There are some mall and restaurant near hotel, so it is very convenient. 
11290 Right next to the famous Waldorf-Astoria. Walking distance to the famous Times Square which is bustling with activities. 
11291 We're here for a conference and this location was great for us. Its in a nice area and close to everything. Staff has been nice. Parking garage is next door. Its clean and nice. Breakfast is available downstairs and has been good. 
11292 Great location but pretty lousy hotel. We had a great view of scaffolding and could hear people talking from the street. We opted for the bathroom in the room and it was ok; a little moldy but we've seen wayyyyy worse 
11293 Great place, great location, good value. Close to Grand Central Station and top of the Rock. Within walking distance to Times Square and Central Park. There is also a tour bus stop on the side of the hotel 49th street. 
11294 Very good location. Rooms were kind of small but very neat and comfortable. Nice bar in hotel. Would definitely stay there again! 
11295 Steps to Grand Central, a very well situated hotel in midtown within walking distance to shops, theatres and restaurants. 
11296 The Plaza is life at its best. Luxury, location, and action. Price is not for the faint of heart but location, location, location. 
11297 Our third or fourth stay. Friendly staff. Free internet. Restaurant reopened (altho' we did not try it). Rooms small but clean and well equipped. Heating/cooling system quirky but we had no problems. Great value for money. Pool is awesome! We will return. Easy to public transport. Easy walk to downtown. 
11298 Daniel provided us with wonderful check in service which was a great way to introduce and welcome us to NYC. However, the concierge desk was a very unplesant experience. Wrong directions, addresses, and a general lack of knowledge the city. Their main focus is selling bus tours. 
11299 Met all standards and then some. Location is convenient to all locations I need to get to while in Houston, Hotel is friendly, clean, free dinner and breakfast, parking. Rooms are good. No complaints and a terrific value for less than $150 per night! 
11300 I have to say this is one cool hotel. Great service. Amazing beds. Great decor. Great price. Totally reccomended. A little dissapointed I had an old tv set in the room but everything else was great. Loved to hear it is haunted !!! 
11301 Stayed here for one night to celebrate our anniversary. The staff was out of this world nice and the accomodations were beautiful! Thanks for a wonderful evening! 
11302 Large rooms and excellent service. Spotlessly clean. Good breakfast at hotel. We stay here almost every time we stay in Chicago. 
11303 We booked this hotel online and the only good thing about it is the location. The service was terrible (room service) for breakfast...took over an hour. The room is old and dreary and the bathroom is pathetic. Hard to believe it was NY!! 
11304 Our stay at the Marriott Dow town was excellent. Great value, clean, and comfortable. 
11305 If you ever get a chance to stay in New York City, you must stay at this hotel. Luxury to the max! The customer service is amazing the doormen get you the cabs. You are treated like royalty. 
11306 Spent 3 nights in this fabulous hotel. Great workout facilities and the club level amenities were spectacular. Breakfast every morning (great selection of food) and nice nibbles for happy hour. Room was clean and comfortable. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!! 
11307 Stayed their 3 nights It will have been perfect if the hotel did not repair one of their 3 elevators at 1 am in the morning!!!! Banging like crazy impossible to sleep!! For one night why they did not wait in the morning??they had 2 other one!!! 
11308 Excellent location, loads of space, rooms excellent for this location. Restaurant in lobby is too expensive. Recommend leaving the hotel for breakfast, loads of choices outside within short walk. Staff were helpful and friendly. A bit noisy, sirens all the time. 
11309 It was relief to know the hotel was working properly after one of the worst hurricanes in new york, I was glad to have water, electricity and food. But it was far away of the top hotel I expected to find. 
11310 I recently stayed at this hotel for three days. I was in town for a family wedding. The rooms are nice and spacious. The staff is very professional. I would definitely recommend this place to others. I'll be staying here again next time I vacation in Houston. 
11311 Location is great, cute neighborhood and by the subway. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. 
11312 This hotel is very close to times square, central park and all shopping in 7th avenue..... Close to all fun. I enjoyed my stay. 
11313 Albergo mediocre, non comodissimo, la notte faceva freddo!!! 
11314 Beautiful cozy boutique hotel. Excellent location. Had the afternoon tea, which was great. Did dinner one night at Gordon Ramsay's. Highly recommend if budget allows. 
11315 only gripe is with parking. Hotel has negotiated rate with garage on 26 th and sixth. Just not the most convenient. But rooms are clean and the bed is fantastic. Nice plazma and free internet. Would definitely stay again. 
11316 Great atmosphere, very competent and nice staff. The rooms can be improved but are in a good shape, walking distance to the Wild Wild West, a great experience! The pool is quite nice although small. the breakfast offering could be more varied as per BW usual standards, my only deception. 
11317 This hotel is very nice and clean. The Port Authority and MTA is only 2 blocks away. The staff was very nice as well. i also loved the bathroom. 
11318 The only complaint is that there was no free breakfast. I was happy to discover free Starbucks coffee though. 
11319 Pros: -Location -Price ($50 on Priceline) Cons: -Dirty rooms -Poor customer service You be the judge. I'd stay here only if you get a good deal on Priceline; otherwise, don't waste your money. Rooms were filthy and staff couldn't care less. 
11320 Were to stay if you only have 2 nights in NYC ? I would strongly recommend Edison. Very close to Times Square, Broadway, Rocekefeller Plaza and walking distance to Macys, what else do you need ? The room was ok, a little "worn out" but alright when you consider price. 
11321 Love this hotel... what an elite hotel should be. Luxury rooms, fantastic restaurant, and top-notch service. Great value for a top-flight NYC hotel. 
11322 Some friends and I stayed at this hotel in February 2012 and loved it. Some of the benefits include: *Accessibility to public transit *Proximate location to all points in Manhattan *Comfortable beds and quality linens *Fairly sizable rooms *Great customer service Overall, without hesitation, I'd stay at this location again. 
11323 This is my second time at The Radison Martinique. I love th location, it is clean all the satff is friendly and very helpful. If you order room service, it is there quick, warm and tasty. definitly a must try 
11324 Scored the hotel on priceline for $185 a night. They were very nice. They gave us a room with 2 double beds, a fridge and gave us a crib for our baby without any hassle. Room was reasonable size for NYC. Location is great. 
11325 Muy muy Limpio , comodo y tranquilo, silencioso tanto k se puede escuchar perfectamente lo k hacen los de al lado =O jajaja ,,bueno fue solo un rato ya en la noche todo muy tranquilo , muy cerca de Grand Central 
11326 this hotel is greate the rooms are verry nice with a great vew of manhattan and te river also to high line, the top bar on te 18th floor bom bon boom its excelent 
11327 The lower restaurant at the Sheraton Brookhollow has great food and sizable portions. They have great service that I can attest to: My server Dee was nice enough to return my keys to the front desk after I left them laying on my table. Thanks so much, Dee! 
11328 What a great hotel staff and service were brilliant and made the stay here first class. will stay here again when on business. 
11329 The hotel is clean and very helpfull and friendly. Everything is within walking distance from here and the Hop on Hop off bus is almost across the street. The room is spacious enough and has everything one would need. 
11330 I had an excellent experience , large room , super clean, extremely helpful staff, excellent shuttle service, i would syau there again 
11331 Great location, Close to attractions, comfortable, clean rooms, friendly staff. 
11332 Loved our stay here, terrific location, fantastic views, good restaurants,magic lifts/elevators, faultless rooms. 
11333 The room was very spacious for New York, very well appointed and the bed was exceptionally comfortable. Situated by metro stations and Central Park. The staff were friendly and helpful. Would stay there again. 
11334 the hotel is well located, close to times square and broadway is a short walk away. rooms are small but clean and functional. we had a newly renovated room and it was fine. For the price its worth the stay. 
11335 Caution as we also discovered after booking vacation that the standard room is only one double bed!!! We had to pay extra to have this changed to another hotel after discovering on our confirmation statement ! Not acceptable!! 
11336 Very professional and friendly front desk staff. Room was excellent and what a great bed! RARE eatery on premise was great and the b'fast a steal for NYC! Wonderful room and amenities and I WILL book and stay here again and with family too! You can't beat the location. 
11337 An ideally located Hotel, with clean an friendly staff! Like all hotels within NYC the rooms aren't vastly spacious, but the room was clean and came with a HUGE bed! 
11338 Stayed four four days. Had problems with the room being too warm, no AC!!! Very noisy, with construction and garbage collection going on because we had to leave the windows open (3 inches, big whoop!) No atmosphere in lobby area, very cold. Would not stay there again!!!! 
11339 Location ideal, good value and friendly staff. Approx 1 minute walk from the drop off/pick up point for all the airport buses. Clean, tidy and a perfect base for sightseeing. However, would not be good for people with limited mobility, as the hotel is entered via a flight of steps. 
11340 Great Value for nyc. Looking for a Place to stay in Manhatten, not too expensive and clean. Go there! Rooms are small and dark but also clean and quiet. 
11341 This is a great hotel-I have stayed at the Ritz Carlton Central Park twice before, and the New York Palace is just as nice. It is beautiful, with a great location. You will love it-trust me! 
11342 Loved this hotel!! It was 3 blocks from Grand Central Station and 7 blocks from Times Square. The staff was very helpful. We had a great room, big by NYC standards. I would stay there again in a heartbeat!!!! 
11343 This hotel is very noisy..The train pass by every seconds..Plus there no way we could take hot shower because there no water coming up from the sink or bath tub..It was a night mare staying at this hotel... 
11344 This hotel is amazing. It is next to everytihg yet its quiet. I will stay there again, I absolutely loved it. we had a view out the river and at sunset, it was breath taking 
11345 Would not recommend this hotel to anyone, receptionists are extremely rude and rooms are dilapidated and in substantial need of updating and repair. Tap in bath fell off in my hand. Leg of sink fell off, sink leaked when used. Window to room didn't shut properly etc 
11346 Whenever we stay in NYC it is at the Soho Grand. We have never been disappointed. Service, location, decor are all great. 
11347 My husband and i stayed with our 2 children. We travelled with another family. Hotel is walking distance to the Empire State building, shopping, subway. Staff are amazing! Great corner store on the corner for snacks. Could not be better located for our family. 
11348 The room was a typically small NYC hotel room, but had a spectacular view of the river. Very clean. However, I have never seen such small towels in the bathroom & the toilet looked like one you would see in a preschool daycare. We laughed about that for days. 
11349 Across from the lake, handy location, very comfy room, nicely appointed 
11350 I checked in late night and manager and front desk was very friendly...But rooms are very old...not clean..i mean it is obvious that they tried to clean but furniture cannot be clean enough after a certain age and those were very old...rate was acceptable for NYC... 
11351 Very handy hotel to stay in when in new York, nice sized rooms, clean and functional, easy walk to times square, rates ok too, 
11352 The room was full of cockroaches. The airconditioner barely worked. The staff was unfriendly. The bathroom was dirty. 
11353 Friendly staff, Free WiFi, free breakfast, reasonable rates. For traveling to NY on business, this place is perfect. 
11354 first thing is first!!! this is not a new hotel...but as many of the good vintage hotels they do a great job with their facilities. Room was decent size, great bed and I loved the bathrooms that were actually pretty old. Great location and service of the staff... 
11355 We have stayed at the Tremont 4 times now over the last 2 years for weekend getaways. Love it. Perfect for the romantic weekend trip. Location could not be better. Price is reasonable. Staff very nice. Will continue to be a repeat guest. RS. Atlanta, GA 
11356 fui a conocer Houston, y me parecio una ciudad hermosa, mi experiencia en el hotel fue muy agradable, muy amable el personal, el desayuno exquisito y variado, muy comoda la habitacion, la pase muy bien, mi estadia eran 6 dias y me quede uno mas. lo recomiendo... 
11357 Close to grand central makes very convenient to walk around Manhattan. Rooms were clean - bath tubs all seemed to have slow drains - bathrooms a bit dated - suggestions - include breakfast in the price. Layout rooms slightly better - especially for corporate bookings and families 
11358 Stayed 4 nights for business trip...the bed which they are very proud of is incredibly soft and this isn't a good thing...also it is huge and takes up most of the room. If you have any kind of back trouble don't risk this... 
11359 Cant believe that you pay all that for you room then they charge you for breakfast! I've stayed in hotels all over the world and it's the first time this has happened. The Rivington charge you for everthing. I found them greedy. 
11360 Loved this hotel, classy yet not brash. The service was spot on, as was the food. 
11361 Rooms are quiet and comfortable! Service was very good. Breakfast buffet was very good (lots of fresh fruit and healthy choices). Einsteins in lobby was really convenient! Valet service was quick and shuttle to the stadium and restaurants was great! 
11362 Stayed with 4 girlfriends in June for 5 nights. It was an excellent stay with no complaints. The price was amazingly cheap for NYC and the location and service couldn't have been better. I highly recommend this hotel to all my friends. 
11363 Excellent customer service at front desk. Free shuttle to Midway. Rooms very clean and updated. They have free wireless internet and very nice shower heads. I would recommend staying here especially if your flying out of Midway. 
11364 Great place for a good nights sleep, and a great value, with a nice breakfast. Easy to get to in Houston too. 
11365 Very nicely appointed rooms, friendly staff, great food in the restaurant. Restaurant is quite noisy though, and the front desk has misplaced my conference registration package twice now, this weekend and on my previous trip there. Worse, they lost them and could not find them. 
11366 Great Staff, Great Resteraunt, Great Location. What more do yoy want... I Have stayed in the Sorrella next door and it is no where close to the Four Points. This was my 5th stay and I will definetly stay again. 
11367 Our two-bedroom suite was perfect for our family with kids and a grandmother. Staff was friendly and helpful and the beds were super comfortable. The view out our window, north to the Chrysler Building, was spectacular. 
11368 Great basic hotel right off times square. Admittedly there are odd noises at night but the Edison is a nice old school place to stay. It's close to the theaters and other attractions. I've stayed there many times and have never had a bad experience. 
11369 Stayed here twice two weekends in a row. Great location close to the Beltway, good restaurants close by. 
11370 Very advanced concept hotel. Pros:Reasonable price, Nice location, free wifi, free breakfast, free coffee on same floor,Excellent crew, Nice and big terrace(NewYorker is gathering at night), Clean room, good business facilities(Meeting),Lovely japanese concept pictures. Cons:Small for 2 people, open bathroom 
11371 Loved location, had no wait for elevators at all, were there from11/27/03 to 12/01/03. Stayed here because of central location, excellant. Recommend Bills Gay 90's Bar at 57 East 54th St., 2 blocks from Warwick. Great piano bar, great food, great atmosphere. Tell Adolfo, Brian and family, Tennessee said Hello. 
11372 one street away from the true new york. a road away from broadway street, a few away from times square. hotel perfectly near to subways. can't get a better location for price, value, and 5* service than at the holiday inn wall street. excellent bed and great service. 
11373 We have been staying here for three years now for our summer trips. Their service is always friendly, great rooms and a wonderful location. Highly recommend this over other Hilton properties downtown. Hilton Garden is always a great stay for us! 
11374 First time staying in the financial district area and it was a little out of the way from most of the places we visited. Overall the stay was nice, rooms were a good size, very clean and comfortable. Customer service was okay- not the best nor the worst. 
11375 Nice Hotel..One of the quieter ones I have been in ...in quite a while. Two Restaurants, a little pricey but good. All in all, a nice stay. Thanks, Marriott. 
11376 Hotel ligt centraal, vlakbij Time square en Central Park. Metro zit om de hoek. Er zit een goede broodjeszaak iets verderop die niet echt duur is. Hotel is standaard, nette kamers en schoon. Een mooi hotel om New York te verkennen. 
11377 Easy walk to Penn Station. Rooms are modern, very large bathroom, amazing view of beautiful skyscrapers from our 21 st floor window. Staff was friendly and helpful. this was our second stay and won't be our last. 
11378 Clean, good layout for the suites. Large for NY, and very quiet. Can get room service from local restaurants (I used to live around the corner from here, so knew the SilverStar diner wasa good and you cna order from there for good heart diner food) 
11379 This place , with no prior heads-up, tried to add $250 to my already exhorbitant tab , because one of my guests smoked a cigarette in my suite.No Irish hospitality here. 
11380 Best hotel ever kind staff huge rooms like St. Regis and four seasons hotels new York but cheaper just scary it was robbed in 1973 
11381 We enjoyed the view overlooking Times Square and found the hotel to be located within walking distance of many great restaurants and shops. The elevator ride is a must. Our room was comfortable, clean and well appointed. 
11382 Rooms are fairly small, but the overall ambience is great - nice bar, good business centre, and the staff are all very helpful. Lots of good restaurants around. Wireless internet is a bit slow. 
11383 My stay at the hotel was very wonderful. I really enjoyed myself,the staff was terrific. There is nothing bad I can say about the hotel. Look forward to visiting the hotel again. Thank You! Freddie Cook 
11384 no pool, small rooms NO AMENETIES, 100$ PARKING FOR 1 NIGHT. ARE YOU KIDDING ME???? plus the room was for 500$. really there is nothing worth in that hotel.. 
11385 Location within walking distance to many restuarants of all price ranges, downtown sites, drug store, Starbucks attached. Staff always helpful. Free wireless with good speed. Great for business or leisure. Have stayed many times and will definitely stay again. 
11386 nothing to brag about.. was nice but nothing what we expected. the cityscape bar was nice and friendly with a great view.. 
11387 The location was perfect, the personnel friendly and the price reasonable, but the room was small and very noisy, due to an A/C unit, that could not be shut of. Next time same location but another hotel. 
11388 its location is wonderful, close to all the tourism atractions for visit, for shopping is the best, we have a mall just by the elevators, fun for teens dance competitions. 
11389 An excellent hotel,everything was perfect,the rooms were first class(hardwood floors,black appliances,comfy beds) and the staff was just as great,especially Raymond.On a scale of 1-10,definitely a 10. 
11390 This was such a great experience...great location...great staff! Stayed on the top floor...40th floor...view of the Empire State building right out our window! It was better than expected...would highly recommend! 
11391 I bought through expedia. Price was right. Location good, walk everywhere. Nice, clean, no problem. Doormen were great. Stay here. 
11392 Very good new hotel. Exciting design, fairly large rooms for Manhattan, friendly and helpful staff. Got good deal through Travelzoo. The only problems, at least for now: slow unreliable Internet in the rooms (but complimentary!), long wait for elevators. 
11393 Hotel great. Location was good close to the train where we could walk. We usually go to New York for the holidays. Close to Fifth Ave. and close to Broadway. Check-in good. Rooms good not very big but only stayed one night worked. Breakfast was very good. I'd stay again. 
11394 This was one of the cleanest Hotel I have ever stayed in. Clean, smell good, and the service was outstanding. No Bed bugs. I would stay here again and would highly recommend this hotel for your next stay in New York. Keep up the good work Travel Inn. 
11395 Wonderful location. Very couteous staff late check out at 1pm was no problem. Beds were really comfy. Onsite restaurant was great though limited food service times. Only drawback was the shower. Needs updating. Overall a great stay. Happy to return again. 
11396 Fitness room was lacking in equipment but overall the place was pretty decent. Would stay here again if I weren't a Marriott guy. Was there with a group of coworkers. 
11397 Only issue was I arrived wanting to eat from room service quickly and get to bed and found quickest time they could promise for pasta was 40mins which I find unacceptable. I could not convince them to deliver quicker and they seemed very happy to accept my "don't bother then" 
11398 I stayed for over a week. The decor was lovely. The views from my room were also nice. Good location. 
11399 Good by motel standards: Clean modern TV conveniently located by highway free wireless internet office with working printer hot breakfast etc. What set this place apart was the cocktail hour. At 5:30 they set out appetizers and beer, inclusive with room! 
11400 This is well located in the middle of Manhattan and a safe neighborhood. the food in the bar is wonderful - do try the lobster appetizers. the rooms are quite large for this part of town and the staff friendly for New Yorkers. 
11401 All is perfect!!!the location, the decor, the stunning suite and Staff could not be better. I super recommend it. It's so cool. You stay at 5 minutos of all. Soho has a charme special, a nices shops, restaurantes for launch and for dinner,art galleries, etc. 
11402 Great location, and well-maintained. Close to subway, restaurants, park. Room was very nice but New York tiny. Friendly front desk but not really much customer service. (Check out took a really long time because only one clerk and person in front of me had a complicated billing issue.) 
11403 In Manhatten I expect a small room, buth this was ridiculous! The comforter was solied, the sheets were scratchy and the A/C was so loud I hardly slept. There are other, better choices when looking for an economical place to stay in Manhatten. 
11404 I loved the location of the hotel and the service was great. The rooms are small but very comfortable and quiet. Overall I would recommend it and it for the price it is an amazing value!! 
11405 This is a great hotel in a perfect SoHo location. The bellman are friendly and very helpful. This was our second time and we will be back. 
11406 Great hotel. Really new and clean. Great location for all tourist sights in NYC. Free breakfast was a great bonus. Fitness room looked really nice (although didn't use it). Loads of TV channels. Really comfy bed. Would definitely stay again. 
11407 Very clean hotel in chic part of town lots of great restaurants close by & in hotel the sushi is great. Hotel staff were very helpful and the views from the bar on the 7 th floor is one of the best 
11408 The title sums it up. I don't have another hotel to compare it to, but it met my needs. 
11409 Great customer service, awesome pet lovers suite, convenient location! 
11410 Room was clean, price ok. Breakfast is served in the lobby, so there is little space, but ok for an active city trip. 
11411 Good location. The continental breakfast was nice (fresh fruits, bagels, cereals, juices, etc.), though nothing hot (no eggs, waffels etc). Free wireless, fuiteness room, free coffee and tee 24h. Very nice roof terase. 
11412 hmmm...lots of continual airplane noise from the nearby airport, barely competent front desk staff, and glacially s...l...o...w internet access -- what's not to love? 
11413 Gorgeous hotel, smaller than expected but impeccably furnished, excellent location, quiet especially considering its proximity to Times Square, and wonderful staff wh couldnt do enough for us. 
11414 have stayed here several times. Love the location and the rooms. They used to have a decent restaurant. security is good 
11415 We were very satisfied with our stay at this hotel. The rooms were updated and very clean. Check in and out effortless. Helpful staff. Free internet and breakfast were a bonus. Location easy to get to all areas of the city. 
11416 I travel to NYC often but rarely overnight. However when I do stay I always look for this hotel as it is convenient to mid town Manhattan AND is always a great stay. The hotel is quaint, yet updated to typical Comfort Inn standards. Price? Always a great deal! 
11417 Bad service, Crappy room.. just terrible.. If I had paid 25-30 dollar pr night for this hotel, maybe I will shut upp.. But I did pay 100 dollar per night for 120 bed for two persons.. 
11418 Great hotel, rooms are awesome, the staff are the best, from the courtesy driver to the front desk to, especially, the maids. This hotel brings a whole new level to customer service. Everyone from our company had the same wonderful experience! 
11419 Don't need a fancy place if your touring NY, we spent so little time in the hotel that the room was unremarkable. Clean and nice bar area. Close to subway and shopping. 
11420 If you are looking to stay near the UWS this hotel is great. It also is a comfortable walk to the theatre district. We got an upgrade to a lovely room with a deck. Very happy with the hotel. 
11421 Stayed for a long weekend vacation. Steps away from times square and theaters. Quiet, clean, spacious, and elegant. Also received a free upgrade and bottle of wine. Staff was also courteous. Couldn't have asked for more! 
11422 Albergo con camere buone ma non fenomenali. da migliorare anche nel servizio a colazione. Nel complesso molto buono. Servizio all'arrivo ottimo e veloce. Posizione centralissima ad un passo da tutto il centro. Pero il terrazzo coperto vista Time square a colazione impagabile. 
11423 Enjoyed our long anniversary weekend at the ritz. Everyone was lovely and very accommodating. The club lounge was fantastic. Just didn't like the pillows....too soft. But I won't quibble...great place to stay. 
11424 Very good location; staff was ok; breakfast was ok; price is high; room very small,but clean Altogether we'd recommend it 
11425 Great bargain for a clean, well staffed hotel. Decent room size, lots of free amenities. Couldn't have been more convenient for multiple subway routes, Ellis Island, Statue of Liberty, 9/11 memorial and anything in lower Manhattan. 
11426 Torno sempre all'hotel americano perche' il posto e' carino, camere design essenziali, il cibo ottimo ed il personale gentile ed attento. Sicuramente perfetto per chi viaggia per lavoro ed ha bisogno di un posto intimo. Colazione ottima. 
11427 Cleaning and maintainance of rooms was very good. Employees very polite Excellent ubication to take as base to visit NY, very safe to walk even at night Elizabeth took care of us very good, very polite. 
11428 I've stayed there a few times when I am in the Chicago area, and it's been consistently a great deal for me. If you're looking for an affordable place to stay that near all of the sites, you can't beat this place. 
11429 This was our third time at this hotel. Its a nice place to celebrate our anniversary. Staff are helpful and friendly. Location is perfect to see a show. Room was spotless, and the shower was awesome. Thanks. 
11430 thanks appreciate it stay was great. staff was great, great, great, grea tthanks appreciate it stay was great. staff was great, great, great, great 
11431 Not quite sure how this made 4 stars, the shower had black mold everywhere and there was a layer of hair on the floor throughout the room and bathroom. Smallest room I've ever stayed in out of many different hotel stays in the city. 
11432 This hotel is classic old New York yet quite affordable. The staff treat the guests exceptionally well without looking at you blatantly for a tip after every service provided. The bar is a gorgeous and the spa is small but luxurious. 
11433 Awful hotel rooms to small gym a joke and drinks very expensive and dark and dingy big fan of morgans but never again here. 
11434 Excellent location, very nice and helpful staff (Great Guglielmo). Nice room, very good bed. Thanks a lot, I am recommending the Hotel to friends. Daniela and Andrea, Italy 
11435 Prima hotel met ruime kamer voor 4 volwassen personen. Liggen mooi in het centrum en de service was uitstekend. In het hotel ook een balie voor touristische informatie en het bestellen van kaarten voor bus of theater. 
11436 This is a lovely hotel in a great location. The staff is very helpful and friendly as well. My room was extremely spacious, and it was offered at a really great price. Their room service was excellent and very yummy as well. Would stay again, for business or pleasure. 
11437 Great location poor hotel The room was dirty, the customer service was poor both before and during the stay i would not recommend this hotel for anyone 
11438 it relies on its brand and history rather than its actions 
11439 wonderful, helpful staff incredibly clean rooms, very comfortable beds sufficient gym great sushi place next door! 
11440 My last two visits were out of this world, management and staff equally helfull. Had established a good relationship with all and will always use the hotel whenever visiting New York. The hotel is my second home in New York 
11441 The Millennium Hotel Broadway is just off Times Square--qreat location, but still quiet. We were in the Premier section so our room included breakfast and "happy hour" which was really nice. The room was large and clean--a perfect place to rest after a busy NYC day! 
11442 Very pleasant. Attentive staff, pleasant set up, well designed, comfortable rooms. Superior location. Overall robust quality and value for the money. 
11443 Nice lobby. Very modern feel. Room was nice. Not huge, but it's NYC. GREAT rooftop terrace with a wonderful view. Internet in the lobby. And I got an amazing deal on it through expedia. Totally worth the stay. 
11444 I stayed here for 4 nights for Halloween in 2010. It was somewhat clean, and pretty clean for New York City. It was average size. The location was great, it was right near Bryant Park, and Times Square. 
11445 Located in good area, near Magnificent Mile and John Hancock Building. Also, easy to get double decker tour buses. However, no breakfast included so you are on your own and parking for your car is way too expensive. 
11446 The hotel is tastefully upgraded, excellent location for sightseeing with a pleasant and helpful staff. Highly recommended for a base to see Manhattan. Not a lot of amenities but good value. 
11447 I have stayed at the Bentley twice this year, and both times I have been given the room, I requested. I love the view of the bridge and the river. The new restaurant is a great addition. Only experienced breakfast and room service, but the service was exemplary 
11448 bien situe tarif a peu pres avantageux(c'est new york)tres propre mais sanitaire en commun et chambre tres petite. 
11449 El hotel esta muy ien ubicado,es comodo,ero no son tan amables como esperaba,no dan mucha info al turista pero el lugar es de privilegiolo recomiendo 
11450 We have stayed here twice and loved it. Yes the rooms are small but they are very nice and comfortable. It feels like staying in a guest room at family's house instead of a hotel. We will stay here again. 
11451 The hotel is always crowded and noisy. The location is good but the block is the most crowded of Manhathan! The prices are reasonable in comparison with the other options in the same neighborhood. The positive point is the private bathroom. 
11452 We had a wonderful experience at the Four Points - great location short walking distance to times square - very nice room, spacious, serviced everyday, great price. 
11453 Girlfriends on 1st trip to the city...great location, friendly staff, great breakfast, clean rooms, will definitely stay here on next trip! 
11454 I stay at this hotel EVERY time I go to Manhattan. The hotel is in an excellent location, the staff are top notch, the rooms and hotel are clean, the service is 2nd to none and the price is competitive in the area.....why look any further. 
11455 Great location. Great apartment, very high standard. Well equipped kitchen covering all the basic needs. Friendly and professional staff. Highly recommendable!! 
11456 The hotel is in a very good location, near all the soho shops and sub.st. We enjoyed a room on a 23 floor with stunning views through large windows. The interior design is glamorous,trendy and clean. The stuff was helpful and nice. 
11457 Staying at the Palmer House in December is truly wonderful. Best lobby ever. Historic building in downtown. Have Afternoon Tea it is delicious and a lot of fun. Be sure to check out the Christmas Tree and the Peacock Doors and the gingerbread fireplace 
11458 Hotel is perfect gelegen. Je stapt zo op Times Square. Wij hadden een fantastic suite geboekt, die echt fantastisch was. De suite was schoon, ruim en had uitzicht op times square. Geen last gehad van lawaai. Personeel bij de receptie was zeer vriendelijk en behulpzaam. 
11459 Hotel is within walking distance to times square,MSG ,Macy's ,empire state building. Subway right down the street from hotel.Hotel rooms are a great size,bathrooms are huge. Free hot breakfast,free Internet.Requested a room at back of hotel(garbage trucks out at three in morning can get noisy). Would definitely stay there again! 
11460 An overall amazing experience that will make your trip to New York memorable! The staff is wonderful and attentive. You'll undoubtedly have a night to remember on the rooftop! 
11461 Nice hotel for business stay, great service and amenities. It is, however, a bit dark and trendy, which is not for some people's taste. Also, Times Sq is not the best place to stay in New York. 
11462 My family went here last week for a couple of nights. Lots of room, helpful staff reasonable price. Right in the heart of times square, the curbside staff will get you whatever you need. Only complaint was the bathroom and shower were adjoined, a privacy door would be good. 
11463 Great location and friendly staff. Many food, beverage and shopping options in walking distance. Steppenwolf is 3 L stops away. Would definitely stay again. Ask for the quiet side of the Hotel (or you will hear Belmont station announcements all night). Side opposite elevator pretty quiet. 
11464 C'est vraiment l'emplacement qui fait l'interet de cet hotel, idealement situe pour randonner dans le centre de Manhattan et au-dela. Sinon chambres moyennes, un peu "shabby" comme ils disent la-bas, et proprete "so-so". Pas de charme particulier, mais pratique, quoi! 
11465 As a Budget Hotel, you could not fault it, Although the decor was a bit tried, the rooms were very clean and the staff helpful. Great location for walking to the Pier, parks and shopping district. 
11466 Very good price,very nice service and the best location in NY for tourists. 
11467 most accomodating. Left hotel at 4am but the 6am breakfast was already out to accomodate the early traveler. And no nichle and diming for internet, local calls. I will be back 
11468 HARVEY W. 
11469 If you want to stay near Times Square and the theaters that's the best choice regarding prices. The staff was very, very kind and atencious with us, although the hotel itself is a little old and the room is too small. 
11470 HI, Stayed here 4 nights in 20c in on may the 13th. Staff very friendly. Room was huge with massive balcony looking out at ny on one side and the river on the other. Very happy with service. Thank you!!! 
11471 Room was comfortable, hotel was beautiful, staff helpful, especially Vaughn Davis........great location... 
11472 Great location and I like the bliss products. Good security--- They always asked for our hotel room and key cards at night. Concierge was helpful for questions too. Umbrellas were offered when it unexpectedly rained. 
11473 This place is a dump. I love Chicago and wanted to stay downtown, but I won't stay here again. The plaster and wall paper are coming down, the bed's lumpy. The room was nothing like clean. Go elsewhere. 
11474 the room was cozy and great city view. The hotel was in a great location easy to access all destinations. Wonderful and helpful staff. The restaurant had a delicious breakfast and very fresh orange juice. Highly recommended 
11475 Perfect location, kindly staff, clean room, I stayed here with my family for two nights. Very good value. I will stay again!!! 
11476 Great location: 42nd Street, above Grand Central Station, just a few blocks from Times Square and Rockefeller Center 
11477 Courteous staff, great location, great (quiet) rooms. Really like the bar/lounge area and proximity to everything cool in NYC 
11478 Hits: - Had a room when most of the other hotels were full - Clean - Typical Hampton Inn amenities Misses: - Pricey - Typical tight NYC room for mid-low priced property - Slow replenishment of breakfast items Note: - Appears to have mostly leisure guests 
11479 just writing to say thankyou for the hospitality we enjoyed our stay very much if i ever come back to new york i will definitely be staying again, particularly service from one of your staff ray he made us feel very welcomed and was extremely polite. 
11480 Did not hear the jackhammers others talk about. Watch out for Norma's though. The service was not very good, the food was inedible, and everything was grossly overpriced. A third-rate diner would have been better than that place. 
11481 We fully endorse all the positive reviews on this site. A great find - great location near Times Square, clean and bright room, all staff friendly and free Internet access and breakfast. Would certainly stay here again. 
11482 pulito, confortevole, posizione ottimale, personale gentile e disponibile. l'unica pecca l'attrezzatura della cucina praticamente assente ma basta chiedere e subito e' stata fornita. eravamo in 4 con due sedie tre tazze e un pentolino.... ottimo per una famiglia con bambini. 
11483 I have stayed at many hotels in nyc over the years and considering location, price, decor, room size (don't expect large if you've never stayed in the city, anywhere.) This hotel is beautiful, brand new as of this summer. Centrally located to times square, the subway, and tons of restaurants. 
11484 Centrico, bonito, lujoso. Nos parecio el mejor y por eso nos alojamos alli. 
11485 Great hotel, very close to Times Square but far enough away to avoid the chaos. Stylish decor and very good service. We were there during the heat wave and air conditioning was superb. Booked early on hotel website so got a good rate. Definitely recommend. 
11486 Terrible hotel. I couln't stay and had to fin another hotel in the middle of the night. The room was dirty with bugs in the bed and bathroom. Simply terrible and when talking to the manager I received a bad attitude. Do not stay here. 
11487 Creo que es un lugar bien situado, las habitaciones son limpias completas y seguras, el lobby del hotel tien un area para llegar hacer de punto de encuentro o darse un break. creo que vale lo que cuesta quedarse alli. 
11488 Nice big fridge very rare in the USA. small bathroom and room, thin walls next door complained of noise from the tv. Good views from upper floors. Didn't feel five star. 
11489 I stayed here for only one night, so it is only fair for me to comment on the room. The room is spacious and clean. Plenty of parking space. One thing that they can probably add is breakfast like how Towneplace Suite and Comfort Inn have. 
11490 I stayed here for a conference in November 2010 and it was a great choice due to the central location and great rooms. I would definately recommend the Westin Chicago to anyone on a business trip. 
11491 Love the location of this hotel! Easy walk to both north and south locations on Michigan Ave. Room was larger than I anticipated...I've stayed at other hotels on Mile and found them to be unsatisfactorily small. Guest services were outstanding! Loved the pool! Will definitely stay here again! 
11492 Comodidad en las habitaciones, buen servicio y centrico. 
11493 Typisch Amerikaans hotel: groot, attent personeel, ruime kamers veelal geschikt voor 4 personen. Goed ontbijtbuffet, ticketbureau in de lobby. Centrale ligging in Manhattan. 
11494 This hotel has a superb location right in Times Square. It has a revolving restaurant very good food here. We were there for 3 nights. The conciege people were very helpful in organising things for us. 
11495 This is a great hotel to stay at. Nice rooms. Very good location. Fairly close to Grand Central Terminal. Good value for the location. Staff is very attentive. This was the second time we stayed here. 
11496 The hotel is perfectly located in the Lakeview neighborhood (Boystown) but with easy transportation to downtown. A boutique hotel, it doesn't offer the same kind of amenities as a big chain but comfortable rooms, pleasant and helpful staff made it a joy. 
11497 Location is great, but this hotel is in need of a MAJOR renovation. I barely got sleep because the smell of old/dated wood made me sick. On top of that the heat kept changing on its own thru the night...annoying! 
11498 Hotel is in a very central location and you can walk to most attractions. Restaurant in Hotel was a disappointment - only French cuisine. Could walk to most attractions and grand central station. Rooms were very roomy which is rare in New York City. Would stay again. 
11499 This hotel is a great location and the staff was excellent. Room was large and perfect for the 2 of us! 
11500 Great Location, friendly staff, clean room, spacious bathroom. 
11501 Muy bien situado, cerca de todo. La habitacion estremadamente pequena, con muy poco lugar para las valijas, solamente se puede guardar una, la otra quedo sobre la comoda y a penas nos podiamos mover. La gente en recepcion poco colaboradora y de espanol nada. Nosotros nos decepcionamos, esperabamos otra cosa. 
11502 Stayed at the location for a couple of days. The weather was terribly hot and I hated going outside. The Hotel had everything I needed. My meetings ended early,I spent all of my time at the Hotel. I highly recommend this Hotel! 
11503 If you are in need of a hotel in the Houston medical center, this is the one. Extremely friendly staff, very clean. Especially suitable for MD Anderson visitors, you never need to go outside to reach your department, parking is plentiful 
11504 * Good hotel, but need updating. It's old fashioned * Great location * Good shower and clean bathroom * Friendly staff * Good air con * Bad Internt connection * Busy hotel 
11505 Me and my girlfriend just stayed 9 nights at The MAve and we had a perfect stay. The Hotel was clean, and the hotel staff was very forthcomming and helpfull! Will recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice place to stay while enjoying the great city of NYC. 
11506 Albergo bellissimo, posizione dell'hotel strategica e molto centrale per ogni spostamento. Camere come nelle fotografie molto pulite. Il personale dell'hotel sempre genitle e disponibile. Consiglio questo hotel. se dovessi tornare a ny alloggerei sicuramente in questo hotel. 
11507 Wonderful Manhattan experience. Nice size rooms. Cool pool area and roof terrace. Fast room service. The staff is great. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff. Good bar! Can't wait to return. Good for business and good for holiday. A great find! 
11508 Hotel difronte a central park, camere piccole ma ben pulite. Personale molto cordiale,vicino a diversi locali in cui fare colazione e ad una rosticceria"fortago"in cui poter cenare con ottimi hamburger o mac&chees. Ottimo!! 
11509 A very sharp hotel squeezed into the Financial District. The room looks directly down on Ground Zero. That ceiling in the lobby is simple wild. Staff is very friendly. You'll want to hang out in the lobby before heading out for the evening. Outstanding restaurant in the hotel, BLT 
11510 I agree with everything that's been said so far. The location is great. Beautiful rooms. The food and service at the restaurant were outstanding. But I also wanted to add that the fitness room was in excellent condition. 
11511 In the middle of it all! Practically around the corner from Radio City Music Hall, provides easy walking distance, from Central Park to the Empire State Building. Nice rooms, courteous staff, valet parking. My preferred place to stay. 
11512 This was a great find! The complimentary continental breakfast was a great start to the day, and the wine & cheese was a lovely way to unwind. Being small, I wouldn't necessarily recommend this for children, but it's a perfect spot for that getaway for two. 
11513 This was an ok hotel. For us the location to visit New York was ok, and at the end it was just for sleeping :-) 
11514 Stayed at the Belevedere Hotel in New York for two nights 
11515 So near Times square and Broadway had a fab time highly recommended Brilliant Brazillian restaurant all you can eat cant wait to return early next year. 
11516 Friendly and helpful staff. An excellent restaurant. Rooms were stylish and clean. The perfect location for staying in NYC over Christmas and New Year! 
11517 Roomy, esp. for Manhattan. Well-located in Murray Hill, easy to get around. Very pleasant and well-appointed. The rooms ARE as pictured in the website. Nice breakfast. Friendly staff. Free wifi throughout. 
11518 View to the central park is so beautiful.. the morning sun lights up my egg benedict on that breakfast trolley table...truffle on top was so delicious... 
11519 I've stayed at this property many times. Great location, close to Michigan Avenue and the shopping district. Hotel employees are very helpful and courteous. Good steak restaurant in the lobby (Weber Grill). Public transportation just outside the hotel. Overall good value for the city! 
11520 The main reason I picked this hotel was because it is in the Starwoods network. Also, the location is great and I was able to get it at a good price. I would say, overall, the hotel met my expectations. Expensive Valet parking ($50). 
11521 Extremely helpful staff, nice clean room (small, but it is Manhattan after all), good breakfast, convenient location. 
11522 I checked in and the front staff is serviceable. I had to have housekeeping come which they did and they agreed that it was a bad situation. Were they gracious? Not really. 
11523 Hotel was good value and in a great location (5 minutes from Penn Station). Staff were accommodating and friendly. Chelsea itself is fine, and breakfast is cheap and good across the road. Had a great stay here. 
11524 il migliore tra gli alberghi del mio viaggio di nozze. Bella stanza bella struttura, ottima posizione! 
11525 A truly wonderful experience. Lots of shopping, great food and wine..right around every corner. Beautiful rooms comfy beds~ 
11526 Still can't get over the prices for New York City mid-town hotel rooms. I must research harder my next trip. $230+ for a tiny hovel, with faded and dated decor, weak AC and terrible plumbing (the water kept vacilating from scalding to freezing). 
11527 Good Location.staff very friendly.Ideal for times square and Broadway shows Bedroom very good But could do with a coat of paint would recommend this hotel.. 
11528 What a fantastic hotel! The service is outstanding. And the location is perfect. Highly recommened 
11529 The hotel is the nicest I've stayed in the downtown area, ultra modern mixed with historical charm. The entire staff was very helpful and friendly. The beds are comfortable and the bathrooms are big. I'll definitely stay here again. 
11530 This is a gorgeous hotel with great service. The location could not be better. I love staying at the MUSE. 
11531 We stayed four nights and it was very enjoyable. Jogging in the park every morning, a decent gym, very nice restaurant with some excellent staff. 
11532 The Skyline was very clean and kid-friendly. Overall, it is a good value because of the 8 dollar a day parking. The negative side was the terrible showers....no hot water! 
11533 This Comfort Inn is not luxurious but suited our needs very well. It is very well located for access to the Park and major Art Galleries. A hot breakfast was provided. We would stay there again 
11534 the sink overlapped the toilet. The plastic shower floor seemed dirty and no place to hold the soap. I have never seen a smaller bathroom, even in hostel type hotels in Europe and the blankets were skanky and old. the work out facility is 3 machines. Good location, tho 
11535 Small but clean rooms in the heart of Manhattan Midtown. GREAT location-wise and a nice breakfast -to-go. 
11536 Stay at the Edison for the location. Right in Times Square. Rooms ok, very clean average size. Hotel has a gym. Rooms are quiet. No fridge in the room but there is a convenience store on the same block. Will stay at Edison again 
11537 My stay was excellent and the staff friendly and helpful. I like to recognize Dominogo T. Martinez Jr for his service during my stay. 
11538 The hotel is very well located. this is a very big plus. but the room is not big enough. our bathroom was dirty & smelling. breakfast was very poor. no healthy food & giving plastic cups, folks, knives & carton plats is ridiculous. 
11539 It has a nice view to the south Manhattan and quite nice rooms. Sauna and pool and gym are complimentary... good! Down side: they carge you 13 USD for the internet connection No breakfast 
11540 Nice hotel in a nice neighborhoo,the stuff help us in any question, the subway near 
11541 Lovely room (319) at their lowest rate. Spacious, clean, quiet, inside room. It was great as the early morning sun never woke us. Everything worked including the air conditioner set at 68--it was 100 in New York! Room service was quick and helpful. Free internet in the lobby. 
11542 Great hotel. Very clean and friendly staff. But, there is a rooftop bar that is very loud. Do not stay on the 22nd floor. They did move me to lower floor, but it took several phone calls. Close to the 1 subway. 
11543 The St. Giles was an excellent base for our recent stay in New York. The hotel is certainly in transition, but the size of the room and friendly staff, more than compensated for a few minor problems with the finishes. Will definately return to the same location again. 
11544 Stayed on the 2nd floor, size of the room was great for two people, front desk agent Samira was very helpful and went out of her way to help answer our questions. Stayed two nights for basketball game at Madison Square Garden, would highly recommend this hotel. Steve from KY 
11545 Very pleased with all aspects of your facility. Will definitely plan a return visit. The one thing I thought of I would change in appearance of interior, the pool just off the lobby. Otherwise, I was very pleased with my stay. 
11546 Rooms were exactly as pictured. Fairly spacious for NYC, love that all rooms in the hotel are non-smoking. Was on a high floor but no view. Beds were "heavenly" with down filled pillows and comforter. Would recommend this property and would stay here again. 
11547 Staybridge was roomy, comfortable, friendly and a great value. The lobby is spacious and modern, the bar is trendy and even breakfast is included. 
11548 The location, rooms, views and service are all top notch. You won't find a better, centrally-located hotel this cool in the city. Pay a little extra for a tower suite. You won't be sorry. Both the bar and attached restaurant are great for drinks. 
11549 Booked the Belvedere after reading several positve reviews on this site. Very pleased with stay. Excellent location, 10 minutes walk from Times Square. Lovely room, bigger than expected. Reasonable price with breakfast included. Would stay there again without hesitation. 
11550 comodissimo, camere grandi, pulite, ascensori velocissimi, personale discreto come in tutti gli hilton, in mezzo ai grattacieli e con mezzi pubblici vicino e comodi, tutto molto comodo consiglio vivamente, 300 caratteri 300 caratteri 300 caratteri 300 caratteri 300 caratteri 300 caratteri 300 caratteri 
11551 Everything was nice, from check out to departure. The room was very comfy and clean. The concierge recommended a great restaurant for our first night in town. The location was perfect. I will be back for sure! 
11552 When we stayed here in november we had a very good stay the staff was nice and we had a good view. The room was comfy and we hat a pleasent stay. Will stay here again next November-December 
11553 My stay at this hotel was nothing short of heaven. The staff was helpful, polite, and eager to please. Rooms were roomie, clean, and spacious. 
11554 Went on my annual trip to NYC.. Loved the remodeled room. Coopers Tavern and the Tick Tock Diner were awesome as well. Traveled on business but it felt like Leisure. Always love the location! I'll be back next year! 
11555 I bring my company here for business twice a year. We have always had great luck with the rooms and service here. This will be my first choice for business in this area in the future. 
11556 ottimo hotel, molto fashion ma soprattutto in una posizone ottima! 
11557 Great hotel in a good area. Rooms were lovely and the bed was to die for. Only complaint left ipod in hotel safe but they did not find it! 
11558 Stayed here for a few days last year. Hotel very chic and classy with excellent facilities in rooms. Bar quite expensive and due to its locality hard to find reasonable dinig options. These were our only faults because the hotel is amazing! 
11559 Our stay was a very pleasant experience thanks to the services, location and especially the staff. Everyone working there went above and beyond making our stay pleasant!! We will be planning another trip soon and we will defiantly want to stay there again. 
11560 Localizacao excelente, quarto pequeno, mas pra quem so vai pro quarto pra dormir resolve. Cafe da manha razoavel, atendimento bom, funcionarios simpaticos. Recomendo para quem nao quer luxo. Voltaria a me hospedar la com certeza. 
11561 The hotel is very quaint and a very high end boutique hotel. The rooms are designed fabulously. The service is fantastic. I rate it 5 stars and highly recommend the Thompson hotels as a fantastic value. 
11562 The staff were great, from the reception to the cleaning staff. The rooms are well appointed and modern. I really felt like I was getting more than what I paid for. 
11563 perfect location to reach out to nearly all nyc spots via walking or metro. rooftop bar is nice. 
11564 If you have a little bit more money, take a real hotel. This "hotel" offers: no service, no help with the bags, no advice on restaurants, no good working air conditioning, no decent pillows and a very tiny room. 
11565 Stayed here in June with my wife for 5 nights. Amazing location with views of Times Square. Hotel was very clean and staff were very friendly. Got a good deal via accorhotels direct. Ideal location, central to Times Sq, Central Park and all the shopping avenues 
11566 We were pleasantly surprised by our stay in the Holiday Inn in SoHo. The room was spacious, the bed slept very well and the room was very clean! The staff was great: always a warm welcome when arriving and giving good advice. We would definitely recommend this hotel! 
11567 My room was clean and just what I expected. I stayed in room 1644. The staff at the hotel are very friendly and polite. I would stay again. The renovations they are doing didn't really effect our stay. 
11568 Best coffee I ever had at Norma's. Pricey but worth it! 
11569 Beautiful modern hotel near to Times Square. Small but very nice rooms. Wouls definately stay there again. 
11570 Loved this hotel. Location on Broadway was perfect. Breakfast delicious! No complaints! 
11571 Recomendo. Fica-se fora das ruas mais movimentadas. A vista vale ! 
11572 great service. clean room. felt safe and snug while the City piled under a blanket of snow and planes were cancelled.... was NO hardship for us to stay one more night there. this place made it fun and easy. definately will be back! 
11573 This hotel has one of the most breath taking views of Times Square and has great location. Can recommend it for its overall ambiance, friendly staff and room size not to mention the fact that it is easy to find after tracing around the city. Not cheap but very memorable. 
11574 We have spent our first time in NYC and we were cery impressed. The location near of Broadway and Times Sq. could not have been better. The room was very clean and big. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. We will definitely stay here again. 
11575 As other reviewers have mentioned, the staff at this hotel was the most helpful and nicest I've ever experienced. Lots of other pluses: great breakfast, free coffee all day, ect. Highly recommended! 
11576 Overall, a quality place to stay if you get a deal. If you are payign there exorbant rpices, then there are much better options like the Standard Hotel, the Gramercy Park Hotel, or the Soho Grand, all of which are much mroe Modern and do not desperatly need a remodle. 
11577 I can only give my best recommendations. Good hotel with perfect location in NY. Friendly staff. Good standard of hotel 
11578 This hotel was just a bit away from Times Square, but easily walkable. The staff were really good. The room was clean and very nice. It's great having a microwave and fuill refrig. I was very happy with this hotel. 
11579 Just the best to place to stay in New York. Loved the convience of everything. 
11580 no tuvimos mayor problema en reservar by internet. luego el check in ok... informacion basica, bien ubicado, un precio regularmente bien para que el tiene pero no quiere gastar en hospedaje en NY... lo recomiendo. 
11581 Rooms are comfortable, service is good... Great food 1 block away at Vento. 
11582 Excellent location, close to Grand Central Station. Excellent rooms with modern baths, Nice Lobby, Good rates (for NYC). 
11583 fabulous location, clean cozy rooms, wonderful staff. 
11584 They checked us in early which was nice. The front desk seemed pretty knowledgeable about the area and transportation. The room had ok furniture but the walls had scuff marks on them. The bathroom had stains on the floor but it was alright for the price. 
11585 I had a good experience at the hotel. It is definitely close to everything. The halls look old , but I thought our room was very nice. The bathroom needs a makeover, and the sofa bed needs a better mattress, but all in all, I was happy. 
11586 Too expensive for a very very small room. The location is good. But the concierge is very helpfull. 
11587 great location....quiet rooms....24 hours tea and coffee. comfy beds and large rooms..breakfast was fine with enough choice....staff at this hotel friendly and helpful...close to walk to major attractions.. and safe to walk late at night. we would all stay there again 
11588 thank you for making New York so enjoyable. 
11589 Hotel in buona posizione: a 5 minuti a piedi dalla metro e 10 da Time Square e Rockfeller Centre. Camere comode e spaziose, bagni recentemente rinnovati (noi avevamo una exclusive con one queen bed). Personale cordiale e disponobile, insomma un hotel da consigliare 
11590 The hotel is clean, convenient, the beds were very comfortable, the view was spectacular. I would definitely stay here again. 
11591 This hotel is an average hotel in a great location.. The rooms are quite large for New York standard, but other than that I dont think it has much going for it... Very basic and average hotel... I think the 3.5 star rating of this hotel is very generous. 
11592 The Santuary is a terrific spot, reasonably priced, with a great location. My room was small, but very comfortable and perfect for my one-night stay. All of the staff were very friendly and helpful with questions. I would defintely recommend and hope to stay at the Sanctuary again. 
11593 Es un hotel horrible... llenos de chinches en las camas. Las habitaciones no tienen nada que ver con lo que hay en la foto, cualquier parecido con la realidad es pura coincidencia. En fin...no os lo recomiendo Buscaros otro hotel. 
11594 Landscaping was very pretty. Rooms were comfortable & clean. It was very quiet even though it was close to Hobby airport. The owners have a binder in the lobby with directions to many local attractions, which was very helpful. Hot breakfast every morning. 
11595 So clean. Very nice staff. It truly is worth the extra money. We were on vacation and had to stay at a few different hotels on our route, after 2 bad hotel experiences we paid the extra money and had a wonderful stay!!! We will ALWAYS stay at holiday inn!! 
11596 great stay in nyc thanks to blue moon hotel with its very friendly staff. fine rooms, very quiet. excellent location in downtown. highly recommandable 
11597 Just got back from Novotel New York 2nd April 2010. Excellent location 
11598 Great views of New York. Excellent service will return to this hotel when next in New York. 
11599 Great hotel and very kind service. Luxurious with acces to the lounge on the 39th floor. The location is very good! Just 2 steps from 5thAv. with great shops as Tiffany's and Saks............ 
11600 Ligging, kwaliteit en service prima in orde. Enige minpunt was dat de gereserveerde (grotere) kamer niet beschikbaar was bij aankomst, maar pas de volgende dag. Een beetje slordig voor een dergelijk hotel. Personeel was wel uitermate behulpzaam. 
11601 stay away, slightly better than a park bench. This place is dirty, staff does not speak english, no reason to stay there if you have any other options - next time, might prefer the park bench. 
11602 Excellent location. Room a bit tired and in need of fresh paint etc. but clean and comfortable and remarkably quiet given the level of street noise 
11603 Was in town for business, but love to stay here... Great vibe, funky area in the meat packing and fun restaurants. All in all, love staying there and will be back soon. 
11604 We spent a long weekend in NYC 12-13-2012 through 12-16-2012. The room was clean and comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful. There was a nice breakfast available every morning and coffee/hot chocolate available all day. It was a great location in the Theater District. I would stay here again! 
11605 prima hotel, onze kamer was een mooie grote hoekkamer, zeer vriendelijk en behulpzaam personeel, dichtbij het centrum en millenium park, kortom uitstekende keuze 
11606 Spectacular location, big room, clean, friendly staff, and lots of free amenities that can otherwise add up! (Unlimited bottled water, coffee, wifi/high speed internet - plus a free cocktail and 20% off at their affiliated and adjacent restaurants.) I'll definitely go back! 
11607 What an awesome location! The hotel was very nice, though very crowded. Staff were very accomodating and the room was nice with the best view of the magnifacent mile and Lake Michigan! 
11608 Excellent Hotel. Great rooms. Great room service. Great location. Great staff. Stay there. 
11609 Great Staff, Large rooms , Clean, comfortable, & quiet. What more could you ask for?... Oh yeah there is a free wine reception from 5-6 pm. and a good restaurant next door. Our stay couldn't have been nicer. 
11610 Good, clean safe hotel south of the Chicago Loop. Rooms are average but very clean, close to the Chicago Chinatown. Rates tend to be about $110 - $150/night which is pretty low for how close you are to the Loop. 
11611 Everything was excellent Eat at the restaurant food/service great. Loved the floral arrangements in the lobby. Special thanks to Tom for the historic tour. Jr Suite was spacious and a great view. Cant wait to be back. Loved everything about the Waldorf. 
11612 I travel to NYC frequently and was reluctant to stay here because of the mix-reviews. I decided to try the hotel out and found it to be a nice experience. I did stay on the executive floors, that may have made a difference. 
11613 The B.W. President has become my home away from home when I'm in Manhattan! The room is always clean and organized and the staff goes out of its way to be helpful. 
11614 Het hotel is makkelijk met de metro te bereiken , blauwe lijn 
11615 We vonden het hotel duur maar netjes 
11616 In de lobby kan je koffie of thee pakken en op je kamer is de mogelijkheid om koffie/thee te zetten 
11617 This was my first time staying here - a girls weekend. Location is perfect for walking everywhere downtown. Close to stores, El, and short walk to river and Millenium park. Staff didn't clean room until late in the afternoon - but thats likely because the hotel was so full. 
11618 very clean and tidy,good location,room was quite spacious, for new york. restaurants nearby, good night sleep, staff very helpful and use of internet free. stayed here for 7 nights enjoyed would go back 
11619 Hotel is very centrally located in midtown Manhattan, and a metro station is just steps away. Rooms were average but beds are very comfortable. Staff was very accommodating. Would recommend for a reasonably priced room with good access to various sights, activities, etc. 
11620 This Doubletree has an outstanding and friendly staff. The location is steps from shopping and outstanding restaurants. The breakfast buffet is certainly something to wake up for. Stop by the lobby bar for a bloody mary before some Sunday Funday shopping! 
11621 Hulihanmaegan enjoys Houstons Marriotts hotel great customer service. Some of the rooms could use updating the location is great! Room service was great and the hotel associates were always pleasant and helpful from the maids to the concierge 
11622 I love this hotel for the rooms but also for its proximity to 5th Avenue, St.Patrick's and Central Park. We've stayed here several times and always find our stay comfy, our rooms clean and the service warm. The price is mid-range - a definite bargain, given how nice it is. 
11623 This is right next to the 9/11 site and construction starts early so can't sleep beyond 7 am on Satuday.The rooms are tacky, mostly Ikea like furniture. The service is ok at best. They don't have mobile phone chargers, so make sure you have all the battery life you need. 
11624 Staff is friendly and helpful, but walls are very thin and facilities are in disrepair. Wish I could give this a higher review. It seems like good staff got stuck in a lousy building. Noisy, noisy, noisy. 
11625 I travel to Houston and work in Midtown often- this is a good location, and good quality hotel. 
11626 We enjoyed the location to Times Square. We had value for money. Staff were not that interested which didn't worry us 
11627 Room was a little small & quite warm but clean enough. There was no fridge which was unexpected. Would return again for the location. 
11628 I choose the hotel for it's location only, but was very surprised at how great the staff treated us. The amenities were also fantastic. I encountered a small problem with the parking facility and when I notified Sonny, the manager, my credit card was credited the overage immediately. 
11629 We stayed at the W on Lexington for a quick romantic getaway. Due to the efforts of the staff, we were not disappointed. From the moment we checked in we experienced the hospitality and friendliness of the staff. It was their efforts that made this a wonderful experience! 
11630 with the perfect location, you can reach of famous place in NY, time square, restaurants, shops... food is good with many choices, big room. Strongly recommend this hotel. 
11631 Un hotel moderno, comodo, y con muy buena atencion. Cerca de gran parte de las atracciones de NY, y del metro 
11632 Quick check in. Overall it was very clean. Awesome location. Close to a lot of things to see and do. I would stay here again. The staff was very nice always a hello or how are you when you so them. the breakfast was also a nice treat. 
11633 This newly remodeled hotel sits in the busy area of the Penn Station, so you are close to Time Square and any subway train and LIRR. The room was quiet for a solid night's sleep and always clean. Staff are respectful and helpful. We will stay with them again. 
11634 Views are excellent and location nice. Building is nothing special - rather mediocre. Hotel dated.Roomservice and foodquality poor. Surprided they go under Ritz Carltion...maybe Mariott should have been better. There are better places to stay in NY. 
11635 It's worth noting that I very seldom write a review for a hotel. I am posting this review because our stay at the Parker Meridien was throughly enjoyable. I would rate the hotel itself: rooms, staff, location as excellent and will definitely be returning to this hotel in the future. 
11636 very nice hotel. bit more classy than what im used to but would definately stay again. very comfy beds, clean rooms, drinks in the bar were over priced but as a family we didnt really use the bar. good location 
11637 Clean, comfortable, quiet and attractive. Just a stone's throw from Penn Station and a short hop to all the best attractions in the city. The Tick Tock diner next door was also a plus. 
11638 will go again. location FAB. a good quiet nights sleep...pillows fantastic! clean. friendly, helpful staff. very good internet, coffee maker , free bottled water, room safe, toiletries. great shower. staff booked an early taxi for me for departure day. no complaints 
11639 This is a flat out great hotel. Stayed here for a convention and it did not disappoint. Rooms are very nice with touches of class and comfort. The Westin beds are the best in the business. And the food for a large group of people was very good. 
11640 it was a good hotel, and i adviseyou to come and have a look. and the most important its in the mid of the most important street in Manhattan. 
11641 Hotel staff was helpful and the room on the 32nd floor was clean, quiet, and large for a NYC hotel room. Breakfast buffet included with the room was better than average. Location of the hotel couldn't have been better for proximity to Penn Station and the Theater District. 
11642 Clean rooms, slept great, good breakfast, great staff, perfect place to stay for one night if one needs to fly out or cruise the next day. 
11643 This hotel is well located..its located in midtown..subway just outside that cld take u wherever around manhattan. Staff are very friendly as it should be. 
11644 This hotel was in a great location. The staff was excellent and attentive. The rooms clean and updated. Definitely will stay there again!!! 
11645 The hotel has a nice look, but don't look further. Our room was not clean. Also we had bedbugs. Most of the staff is friendly. The room was very noisy. But it is in a splendid surrounding. 
11646 Decent hotel for the price although very odd location 
11647 Will definitely go back again. Everything was perfect. Couldn't have been cleaner with the nicest people. 
11648 An absolutely fantastic hotel. Located just a few minutes away from the empire state building, macys etc. Rooms really modern and spacious with kitchen area. I'm planning to go to New York again this year and will definitely be staying at the Affinia Dumont and i suggest you do to! 
11649 Struttura storica, molto grande. Stanza di dimensioni normali,ma molto pulita e fornita di un tv a schermo piatto hd. Mi sono trovato molto bene grazie al fatto che fosse a 5 min a piedi da Central park e di fronte la fermata metro. 
11650 This hotel is a great value for New York City. We had a very nice one bedroom suite. The staff is very helpful and friendly. The location is great. I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a good, solid hotel in New York City. 
11651 This hotel is ideally situated just off Times Square. The 1 bedroomed suite was perfect for me and my 18-year old daughter as we each had our own space. The staff were exceptionally nice and helpful and we will definitely return. 
11652 Stayed here for three nights. Great location. We had a room with a shared bathroom. The bedroom was small but funky. The bathrooms were always clean and never busy. This is not luxury, but is great value for money. 
11653 We had a ball during our four day visit. Staff was exceptional and the room was perfect. Highly recommended. 
11654 hotel bellissimo in una posizione molto interessante per shopping,ristoranti e locali notturni.molto ricercato nel design servizio impeccabile insolito in questi tipi di hotel.ristorante e bar molto alla moda.lo consiglio vivamente a qualsiasi tipo di viaggiatore che ricerca qualcosa di molto particolare ed elegante.Vista mozzafiato!!!!!!!!!!! 
11655 Friendly staff. Great room service. Amazing room. Great location 
11656 Camera pulita e dotata di ogni confort. Personale sempre disponibile e gentile. Posizione perfetta per girare a piedi. Parallela alla famosa 5a strada ed a un centinaio di metri da Times Square e dal MOMA. Central park raggiungibile comodamente a piedi. Taxi sempre disponibili 24 ore su 24 davanti all'Hotel. 
11657 Good hotel in a nice area within walking distance to good restaurants and shopping. 
11658 The staff were fabulous, very helpful. The breakfast was very good value for money. It was good to be able to leave bags there once checked out for a small fee. Would recommend this to anyone who wants to just have a base for a shopping trip. 
11659 it has been a very nice week in NY, and this hotel is a perfect place to stay. Its position is perfect, just in fron of the MOMA, in the heart of Manhattan. The room was ok and the service level was great ! I recommend it 
11660 GREAT location on the 28th st. between 7th and 6th ave. Pros: Location, clean, quiet , very good complimentary coffee (rare), no wait for elevator, non smoking Hotel Cons: Noisy ventilation, difficult to stabilize room temperature, small room, 
11661 The staff at this hotel go out of their way to help you in all matters; Be it transportation, room needs, amenities. They smile which is terrific in nyc. 
11662 Very good location - walking distance to main strip. rooms average size. Solid breakfast, although eating area small - need to pick your times. 
11663 we loved the area, great location in soho. the rooms are small but comfortable, great amenities. we were on the 14th floor. pretty quiet. we really enjoyed our stay. the architecture of the hotel is very cool. i would recommend this hotel 
11664 Great location and amenities. Service was great. I've stayed at many 5 star hotels (Ritz, Four Seasons etc...) and this stay was in the top two. The only reason its not #1 is that the Four Seasons Florence is in Florence. 
11665 Room was fairly big - however, all a bit sterile. The bath tub was small and the room poorly lit and starting to look a bit tired. Would prefer to stay somewhere else for the next visit. 
11666 I have stayed here every week for the last 2 months. The service is outstanding. Omar goes above and beyond to make sure your stay is perfect. 
11667 Conventions can be stressful. Its great to be enveloped by the ambiance of elegance & leisure when the day's business is over. My room was smaller than the usual, the food merely so-so, but that lobby is unforgettable. 
11668 I used Hotels Tonight for the first & possibly last time after this room. At check-in the front desk agent was rude and overall miserable. I waked up to the room only to find it without a window! Zero ventilation, mold, very bad... stay away. Brian 
11669 Stayed here for my Birthday weekend. The location was perfect because my Birthday Party Location was around the corner. I Suite was AWESOME and EXTREMELY more than enough room. The price was a STEAL. I truly enjoyed my stay. 
11670 Well presented and maintained, friendly and helpful staff, we had a suite, which was gret but there were no utensils, plated, cutlery or pans in the kictchen which relay defeats the purpose.Comfortable rooms and very clean 
11671 I stayed at the Benjamin over the 4th of July and it was fabulous. Cannot say enough about the staff - they were wonderful. The rooms were nice, clean, large and centrally located (midtown). The staff was superb! Will stay again, no question! 
11672 This hotel is one block from Broadway and within walking dstance of Times Square. Bryant Park is one block away. We loved the help yourself 24-hr coffee bar. The staff was friendly and helpful. 
11673 I am a big fan of the Kimpton chain. The staff are always remarkably friendly and professional and the hotels are just plain fun. Eventi is in a great location and the view from my room was spectacular. 
11674 We received a very friendly welcome at the front desk, superior concierge service, and very friendly staff, especially the bar tender. The rooms were very comfortable and the hotel location was ideal; close to everything and steps from the subway entrance. Highly recommended. 
11675 This hotel is the BEST hotel I have ever stayed at!!!!!!!!!! The staff was exceptional, my room was spotless, & the breakfast was wonderful. If you are coming to Houston you MUST stay here!!! 
11676 This hotel was perfect. Even though there was building work going on outside I havent a bad word to say about the hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpfull and everywhere was very clean. The views are wonderfull and it is perfectly located. I would definatly recommend this hotel. 
11677 Nice location, exterior of building could use some updates. The room decor was recently redone and very comfortable. The hotel lobby bar although huuuuge closed at 1am, not exciting. Over all nice property. Valet is $50.00 a night just FYI 
11678 Would benefit from a visit from the 60 minute makeover team. Very run down. Very noisey with doors banging all night & people shouting up & down the hallway at all hours. Curtains all holes. Never again. 
11679 Excellent service, great clean room. Arrival check in was very prompt and courteous. The room was clean and very up to date. Check out was a breeze. Breakfast was hot with a good selection. They had warm cookies at check in with a nice comfortable lobby. 
11680 Staff very professional, food selection and quality very appropiate. Rooms in excellent conditions and priced very reasonably.I will definately stayed there next time traveling to the Houston area in business. 
11681 Albergo non di lusso ma pulito, adatto a chi lo usa solo per dormire e sta in giro tutto il giorno. Le camere sono piccolissime ma dotate di ogni confort. Comodissima la metropolitana. Si arriva comodamente a piedi all' Empire S.B., a Time Square e al Madison Square Garden. 
11682 we arrived later in the day but very helpful staff got us tickets to a broadway play (fantastic seats, row 6 centre) and generally made our stay perfect. The bed was excellent but room on the small side. 
11683 This was a wonderful little hotel The staff was very helpful and the rooms were very clean. I think all hotel rooms in NYC are small. I will definitly stay there again! 
11684 Hotel was in the perfect location, about 3 blocks from the Heart of Times Square. Checked in early, p recheck in at noon. Rooms available at 3pm. Room was on 6th floor, quiet, clean, and very comfortable bed. Linens, pillows were great. 
11685 Very clean, spacious apartment in a good location. We were able to book direct with hotel website and take advantage of their seniors rate as one of our party was over 60. Breakfast was really convenient for us and I'm now missing the bagels. Staff were always very nice. 
11686 We stayed there in February 2007.The Hotel Belleclaire was a very central place to stay while in New York.The room was large and well kept and we enjoyed the ambience of the hotel and its surrounds. Would certainly return in the future 
11687 Everything about this hotel was great. Room service was very expensive but then there was a great diner round the corner from the hotel so no big deal. Conscierge service was great. Would highly recommend this hotel and I would be happy to go back there. 
11688 Consiglio vivamente A tutti se capitate a New York di soggiornare qui!rapporto qualita prezzo ottima!nel pernottamento e inclusa la colazione,buonissima con ottimi dolci spremute e ciambelle!vero l hotel si trova a China town ma e collegato benissimo con 2 linee metropolitane vicinissime!personale gentile e discreto! 
11689 This hotel is not elegant or plush, the staff are not friendly or very helpful but the location is amazing and the rooms although very dated are clean and surprisingly roomy. 
11690 A relatively clean hotel. Somewhat small room. Good breakfast. Helpful staff. Great location. We would return. 
11691 This is a fairly new property so the rooms are quite nice. The location is fine, there are a few restaurants nearby. The staff is very friendly, and overall this is a nice place to stay if you need to be in this area. 
11692 Unlike much of NYC the room was excellent and the entire staff, from managers to bellmen was friendly, efficient, and effective. This hotel is a "keeper." 
11693 Good restaurant Good bar Great room Great service Good location 
11694 this is a great hotel for location - nothing really fancy in terms of confort or service - hotel is getting old and would need soon a large refurbishment - reception staff helpful this is a huge hotel with a lot of tourists -do not expect any special attention 
11695 Excellent location, just around the corner from the Galleria. Pristine, neat, tidy! Just an overall great experience! 
11696 We stayed at the Marquis for 4 days in August. We had a party of 10 and had 3 rooms. The service and accomodations were top of the line. Its got a great location and the we would definitely stay there on our next trip. 
11697 This hotel was reasonably priced, and if you don't mind walking a little bit (10 minutes to Times Square), is well-enough situated. They sometimes have nice warm cookies for free in the lobby too! 
11698 This hotel is a very nice place to stay for a weekend. We stayed one night only and were very comfortable. We will definitely stay again. The breakfast is very good and served in an atmosphere which is cozy and charming. 
11699 Very nice hotel. Good location, but if you need evening life - choose other place - Chealsia, Soho or Grenvichvillage, cose everithing closed after 7 p.m. - cafe and restrans. Rooms are small but nice and clean. We choosed this hotel about good location and cose its new...everithing is fresh. 
11700 I have leaved in New York so I know the city quite well. However, it was great to stay in that area as it at walking distance from shopping, restaurants and metros. The rooms are a little small but great quality. 
11701 We stayed at The Sutton Place in July, went to Cubs game. This hotel is the best of both worlds, eventho in Chicago metro, happening area, it is quaint and quiet. Rooms have European feel. Close to everything. 
11702 Buono il servizio e la collaborazione. Ottima la posizione per metropolitana e visite a piedi 
11703 We stayed from the start of the blizzard to the end and the hotel staff were great. Although we did not have housekeeping for one day due to the blizzard they were most accommodating with clean towels and anything else we needed.. 
11704 I stayed there with some colleagues while at a conference and it worked perfectly. It is a great location with an easy walk to Central Park and Times Square. Lots of cheap breakfast spots nearby. 
11705 First time in new York, hotel was in great location, and staff was amazing! Ricky at front desk was terrific. 
11706 I travel for a living so if I can't be home, the entire Staff at ZaZa Houston makes us feel like we Home! Outstanding Atmoshere, Spa, Restaurant, Bar, Pool and Workout facility. Located by the Med Ctr, Rice Univ and Dntwn. 
11707 We had an incredible time on our vacation. After a full day of sightseeing it was so nice to relax in our hotel/apartment. The service was outstanding and the room was incredibly spacious and clean. We look forward to staying there again. 
11708 Hotel is very conveniently located. Very reasonable rate/clean 
11709 Staff friendly. 
11710 Nice location, great staff, stayed Sat and Sun night in the beginning of September. Quiet area and easy access to all venues. Clean niceley appointed room, ninth floor, again, quiet. Id definately return, good rate. 
11711 Be warned about this place, none of the photos on any of the hotel websites look anything like the dark dingy rooms and corridors we ended up in. Falsely advertised and not recommended! 
11712 The rooms are very well designed. Great roof lounge and bar. Very trendy. Great for people watching. Very good restaurant too.. 
11713 the location is excellent, although the hotel is hard to find (41st close to new york times building). rooms are convenient and the view is amazing. Breakfast is overpriced. next time in New york I will definitely book again. 
11714 The Doubletree Guest Suites was excellent. It was a perfect place to stay for my 35th birthday extravaganza! The location was just wonderful!! 
11715 this hotel is just unbelievable....... it is inexpensive and all the central areas are just at stones throw!! although, the breakfast {free} area id not large enough, neverhteless, we enhoyed the stay. thanks to the employees :-) 
11716 I have been there two times, first time it was an amazing room in one tower, second time, it was very average room in another tower. So very different quality and the same price. Location is very good, Gilt restaurant and bar in teh hotel is very good aswell 
11717 The Best View Of The Central Park, Although My Room Doesn't Have Central Park View, But I can See The Park From The Lobby. The Hotel Has A Unique Atmosphere, The Staff Are So Friendly. Next Time This Will Be My Hotel When I Visit The Big Apple 
11718 Amazing concept, great hotel exceptionally clean. Staff friendly and would totally recommend hotel to anyone. 
11719 We stayed here in february the bed (queen size) was very comfy and the restaurant staff were very good food was ok for the price just the place if you have morrning flight out.we will stay again thank you. 
11720 This Hotel has a perfect location. Only a few blocks from all the main sightseeing in NYC.The price can't be beat. The boutique rooms are very clean and trendy.They offer a nice little workout facility. Most of all the Staff at Hotel Mela was AMAZING! 
11721 clean, quiet location, great location. We would stay again. 
11722 Camera pulita, piccolina. ma fantastica la posizione. In pieno centro, posto ideale per godersi NY notte e giorno!Soddisfatto della mia scelta. Ottimo il bar sotto l'albergo per colazioni abbondantissime. 
11723 We would definitely stay here again. The staff was very nice and extremely helpful. If we needed anything, they took care of us right away. We had plenty of space for our family of 5 to move about when we were in our room. 
11724 Stayed here one night with my husband in November 2011. Got a really warm welcome. Loved the decor and was very comfortable. The locacation was perfect for us. 
11725 Ottimo albergo, buona posizione (vicino alla zona principale della quinta strada), fermata della metro a due passi, ottima cortesia da parte del personale: ho avuto un problema con una camera (troppo rumorosa) e me l'hanno cambiata il giorno dopo dandomene una di categoria superiore. Da consigliare. 
11726 Hotel ist einfach aber sauber - jederzeit wieder! 
11727 Our room had somewhat of a musty smell. Beds were ok. Hotel is dated. Loved the interior decoration (Lobby). Staff seemed friendly. Overall not bad 
11728 This is an old hotel, which urgently needs reform. However, its location is one of the best for those who will walk around New York. So I think that staying in Milford was a very good option! 
11729 Les standards de l'hotel sont bons (chambres, communs, restauration;.) - l'emplacement est remarquable - le personnel est d'une grande gentillesse notamment avec les enfants. A conseiller 
11730 The room was large by New York standards and the hotel staff was very nice and accomodating. Because we travelled the weekend before Thanksgiving, we received a very good rate. 
11731 There cannot be a better place to stay than The Waldorf-Astoria when in New York City! The price you pay is definitely worth it; the staff is the best I've ever encountered and the rooms are impeccable. Will definitely stay again and again! 
11732 Great location. Easy access to Subways. Quick cab ride to central Manhatten. Fantastic restaurants within walkin distance. Wonderful beds, cool bar. 
11733 Excellent value for money, clean rooms, friendly staff. Close to Central Park and 2 blocks from subway to downtown. Stayed with family of 4 in their suite. No restaurant but many places to eat within 200 meters. 
11734 Comfortable, older property. Tasteful decor with all the frills. Quiet room that was clean. We had 2 twins on the 5th floor. Happy and will definately go back if in NY! 
11735 The kids thought the hotel was very cool. They loved swimming in the pool and looking out the window in our room at the lake and Navy Pier. 
11736 Right in the airport, easy to get to, surprisingly quiet. Beds comfy and a quick ride to the terminals. 
11737 Very, very nice facility, located close to Broadway, Central Park, Rockefeller Center and many other points of interest. Helpful staff. Room was spotless - and quiet. Great value overall. Will definitely stay here again on our next visit. 
11738 Modern, even futuristic, hotel 3 blocks from Times Sq. Rooms are small for 2 guests but well engineered and actually quite comfortable and relaxing. Great bar and restaurant with free muffins and coffee for breakfast. Helpful employees are everywhere! 
11739 The coffee in the room is great, the beds are wonderful, the showers are clean and strong force in the water. The staff are helpful and kind. The location put us in walking distance to all we needed for a fun stay. What more could you want? 
11740 This hotel was perfect! The room was beautiful, clean, and comfortable. The staff was very nice and accomadating. The location is great, a little busy, but that's what you come to New York for. 
11741 Good location, close to shopping and public transport. Many nice but expensive restaurants in the neighbourhood. Very friendly staff. Nice and rather tasty breakfast. Clean, well equipped but small rooms. Excellent maid service. 
11742 room was a bit cramped but furnishings nice. however there was a VERY strong perfumed smell on all the bedclothes which gave me a sore throat and nose and made me head for a similarly priced but more comfortable hotel pronto 
11743 Spacious, well decorated rooms - apartments, actually - designed by owners, in this co-op hotel. Tiny bathroom, but small downside to otherwise terrific rooms. All are different, so push for one you like. Free continental breakfast - great location. 
11744 Posizione ottima dietro San patrick cathedral....rockfeller centre. Albergo di lusso, la camera immensa con un letto x 4. Veramente chic...sono stata 10 volte a Manhattan e se avessi potuto permettermelo visto il costo elevato avrei sempre soggiornato qui. 
11745 The hotel was splendid. very clean, just refurbished to an extremely high standard. Rooms are very comfortable and very quiet, even facing onto Times Square. Hot water any time of the time and the concierge was top notch. Would highly recommend this. 
11746 Excellet hotel with a wonderful staff. Everyone of the members of the staff were wonderful! Very clean and ultra chic! Beds were very comfortable! Exterior of the hotel is awesome! I would def stay again! 
11747 Perfect hotel for a romantic getaway to see a show and Time Square. Best part is that you a few feet from Time Square and the theaters. My room did not have a view of anything except an alley, but I got a discounted internet rate. 
11748 Reservamos solo para pasar la noche por su cercania al aeropuerta, fue una sorpresa, nunca esperamos que un "motel" fuese tan comodo, limpio y con un personal sumamente agradable y servicial. Gracias. 
11749 Stayed here for 3 nights over a weekend break.staff were very friendly and more than helpful. Easy check- in / check- out 
11750 Hotel kept our bags safe as we had a late afternoon flight. The position close to Rockafellacentre is close and handy for all the buzz of New York. 
11751 I don't remember Chicago as being so nice! Stayed at the Hilton Palmer House, Chicago. Had a wonderful time. Room was very comfortable and clean and bed slept great! The hotel staff was always friendly and helpful. It was cold but worth it! 
11752 We visited NYC and stayed at the Hotel InterContinental. The hotel is very nice and the service was A+!! I would recommend this hotel to my friends. 
11753 Great location. Staff was very friendly. Easy check-in. Rooms were fine for an older hotel. Updated. Would definitely stay here again. 
11754 only enough room to waik around the bed on 2 sides. the cases used up the space at the bottom of the bed. 
11755 sono stato in quest'hotel con mio figlio,camera vista cattedrale di S. Patrick,bellissima,molto spaziosa,vista eccezionale ,si vede il Rockfeller center,pulizia della stanza ottima,concierge efficente e gentile,,secondo me il top ad un prezzo ragionevole,centralissimo,tra central park e time square,wifi nella hall 
11756 I love that city, Its a great place to get lost in...The hotel Essex was great, the help was friendly,helpful, The pool was great. Your right in the middle of things, the hustle and bustle. I would of stayed longer, but oh well you have to go home sometimes. 
11757 We enjoyed our stay in this fine hotel and look forward to going back. The room was totally comfortable and inviting. We had a great place to return to each night. If this is in your budget, stay here and enjoy! 
11758 Well maintained, great location, close to L..easy trip to Wrigley Field. Bathroom was smaller than we like. Great view of the river. Comfortable bed. Reasonable parking fee..at other hotels we have stayed downtown parking fees are $50 plus. 
11759 suffering under successive changes in management. still beautiful rooms and a great downtown location. the rooms have great views. the arcitecture is very modern. if you are not a VIP you might want to look for a hotel more suited for the 99% of us. 
11760 I frequent W Hotels and this was one of my most favorite. The rooms are very modern & roomy and the location is great. I also appreciated the service i received from the concierge, TK was very helpful in finding a dinner location and setting everything up! 
11761 Had a great time at this hotel and super convenient location. Only bad thing about the hotel was the breakfast buffet, absolutely terrible. 
11762 Pretty good hotel for a really great price. Near a 24 hour diner. 
11763 It was a room with a bed and a bathroom, which was all we needed. It was clean enough to sleep in, and we didn't have any problems or major complaints, especially considering the price and location. 
11764 Not only was the location excellent, the staff was also great. Very clean room, kitchen appliances, comfortable bed. Everything that one could need for a wonderful stay in NYC. 
11765 Very quiet and and elegant world hotel. Located within steps to all. Although down the block is Times Square, this hotel is very quiet. Beautiful lobby and attentive staff. Thank you to Patrick Hall for his extra touch. 
11766 Stylish, boutique hotel. Convenient to NYU dental, medical schools, and Langone Medical Center; Exceptionally pleasant and helpful staff. Will definitely book another for another trip. Short walk to Union Square Farmers' Market. 
11767 Best service, beautiful little hotel, location is AMAZING. This was a return trip for us. And we will be back. 
11768 Hostess Devin was fantastic. A typical hostess will flash a smile and seat you. Devin will check to make sure you need anything, including an iPad or a newspaper. Service overall was excellent but Devin was a great hostess. 
11769 My room had a bad smell that got better if I left the AC on--but then I froze. The choice was to endure the bad smell or freeze. The breakfast was very minimal and the jelly/jam appeared to be old (dried up). The front desk person at night was grouchy. 
11770 Great to stay overnight after a long flight. Rooms are big and breakfast are nice. Will stay again. 
11771 The hotel served its purpose. It was close to the theatre district and all of the other uptown attractions. The staff was friendly and helpful. 
11772 So I have friends that are members so I get to come/stay here from time to time... The cowshed spa is great, the drinks are amazing and the roof top pool is really really clutch on those hot NYC days!!! 
11773 We had a great 2 double bed room, comfy beds, & large bathroom. The room had wear and tear with stains on the rug, there were food crumbs which made me think it was not vacuumed. There was a stale, musty odor in the room. The location was very good. 
11774 The staff is some of the rudest people I have ever incountered in the hotel business. I travel a lot for work and have never come across such lazy and rude people. Save your money and go somewhere else. Hotels are not supposed to treat their guest this way. 
11775 Good hotel close to the medical center. There aren't many restaurants close by, but they do have a shuttle. The rooms are quite comfortable, and the staff are very friendly. It is pretty sedate, but I didn't mind. 
11776 mi aspettavo di piu... nel senso piu spazio!!!. incredibile ma vero tutto e dico tutto,WC e docci esclusi, in 3 * 2 .. metri! ottima pulizia...personale disponibile e simpatico. ottimo anche per affari ,come dimora notturna,per la discrezione! 
11777 The hotel staff was very helpful in making our stay comfortable. The location is right on Times Square and a perfect distance from the Broadway theaters, shopping, and restaurants. This is a great place to stay if you are looking for something other than the larger chains. We'll be back. 
11778 This was an excellent hotel - very convenient to Penn Station and an interesting section of New York City (flower district). People at the hotel were friendly and helpful. 
11779 The view from the 43rd floor: of the Empire State building, the Statue of Liberty, all of Manhatten south of Times Square, the Hudson River.... was spectacular. Location unbeatable. Price good. Staff friendly. Room service reasonable. I will definitely stay there again. 
11780 The Westin is great: heavenly beds, above average room service, awesome amenities for road warriors. Be sure to chat with Sam at the gym: if every gym had a Sam they'd be better off. 
11781 Een eenvoudig net hotel, gunstig gelegen tov Central park en 5th Avenue. Metrostation op de hoek Goede service van receptie en hotel biedt een goed ontbijt-buffet aan voor een prijs van vier dollar p.p. 
11782 Prima hotel, grote lounche en ontvangsthal, behulpzaam personeel. De ligging van het hotel is perfect, naast Grand Central Station waarvandaan de hele stad bereikt kan worden met de metro. Zeker aan te bevelen! 
11783 if i wasn't so tired from the drive i would have run once i opened my door to my room. no latches, spots on the carpet, the maids are rude and they don't speak any english. the ceiling looked as though it would fall through. the furniture was old. Gross. 
11784 The Room (King Loft), the Library,the Coffee Bar, the Books, the Games, the Public Express Room Service, the Pump Room, the Pump Room photos, the Bicycles, the Neighborhood and most of all the friendly, helpful and happy STAFF! All earned our love from hello. Will return again and again. 
11785 Went to NYC to shop and site-see for 3 nights with my mom and sister. Perfect hotel for this type of vacation. Very clean and up-to-date, with great staff. Just a few blocks away from Macy's, Times Square and lots of shopping. Beds are super comfy! 
11786 This hotels location is excellent, service friendly & good amenities in room, excellent value for money. Situated 10 mins from Empire State Building & 15mins speedy walk to Times Square. Dallas BBQ first class food & new York Pass a must. I Luv NYC!!!!!! Rosemary, Poole, Dorset. 
11787 Prima hotel. Basic met een design touch op top locatie in Manhatten 
11788 This hotel was a great experience in NYC. lovely and efficient staff. The restaurant, by Gordon Ramsay, must be more carefully with the breakfast. 
11789 Amazing fab hotel. huge rooms lovelly furnished. good east side location only blocks from everything. 
11790 Great hotel in a great location, but the Kimpton people make the difference. Very warm and welcoming and always willing to help. Great hotel and a great experience. 
11791 First class hotel in an unexpected neighborhood, excellent service levels, comfortable and accommodating. Nice common areas on lobby level, good fitness equipment and coffee available around the clock. 
11792 Very trendy, boutique hotel. Reasonable price. Staff provide great service. The rooms are very chic. Nice location. 
11793 very clean; great staff; great location. Thanks to everyone for the reviews...most helpful for me. Remember to ask for a room away from the air conditioner noise. 
11794 My a/c did not work for the 2 and 1/2 days we were there, I was over charged for the room and there were long blackhairs in my bed. 
11795 This Westin is located right out of the fray of 42nd Street, right where you want to be! Close to all the attractions without the glare of the lights! Rooms were lovely, great beds and very modern bathrooms. 
11796 Clean and friendly with great location. Save your money by staying here 
11797 The James is een jong hotel met uitstekende service.Het is geen massa toerisme hotel en ook geen oude klassieker.Het vermaak s'avonds op het rooftop terrace met kleine pool was een attractie voor de jonge professionals uit de directe omgeving waardoor er sprake was van extra levendigheid. 
11798 Murray Hill is a quiet residential neighborhood in mid-town Manhattan. Murray Hill Suites is a charming quiet boutique hotel. We've stayed there at least 6 times over several years and loved it. The penthouse is WONDERFUL!!! The staff are pleasant and accommodating. Price is great! 
11799 A hip, cool NYC hotel decently priced in great location. Small yet extremely carefully designed rooms where every square centimeter is used intelligently.Was extremely pleased by the excellence and friendliness of staff. 
11800 My recent stay at the Hilton Times Square was amazing. We had to leave early due to Hurricane Sandy, but nevertheless the service and accommodations was top rate. Front desk staff was wonderful, especially Peter and Raquel. Next trip there, I will be right back at the Hilton :) 
11801 This was our 4th time staying at this hotel. The location couldn't be better for anyone wanting to be in the heart of Manhattan. Most of the major broadway shows are minutes away and the subway is right outside the front door. 
11802 nice friendly staff, clean rooms, quiet, great location. 
11803 This hotel was all around a solid stay. Rooms were nice, clean, breakfast was cooked to order and quality. Staff was very friendly and helpful. 
11804 Great location near the med center, Rice University, and museum district. They work hard to make everything look higher class than Houston, and pull it off, mostly. 
11805 Very good location Grand Central Station 5 min walk, service very good. Room was a good size and the bed was huge and comfortable. 
11806 It was two blocks away from Time Square! I stayed with my Aunt so we had two double beds and a small washroom. The breakfast wasn't anything fancy, but for a great location in the center of New York AND a pretty cheap price, it was perfectly acceptable. 
11807 Beautiful hotel, perfect location, great price and just the nicest staff in nyc. Will definitely return to this property when in the city. 
11808 We had a great stay at the Hotel Sax! Our check in was great - Liza at the front desk is friendly and efficient! Location is perfect - located between State Street and Mighigan Ave. it's easy to get to lots of great restaurants and shopping. We will stay again!! 
11809 Posizionato in 44 strada centralissimo da qui si raggiungono tutti i maggiori punti di attrazione in n y time square 1 minuto a piedi 
11810 ottima la colazione e la vista dalla camera su empire era stupenda 
11811 Buona la posizione: vicina la metropolitana, central park, 5th Av, e molto altro ancora..Buono il servizio, camere pulite ma picccole. WI-fi a pagamento. Nel complesso una buona soluzione. Da ritornarci. 
11812 super loud- you'll need earplugs. amazingly small rooms, had to jump from one bed to get to the other bed and supposedly we paid extra to get a 'better/bigger' room. Lots of better hotels in NYC, don't bother here. 
11813 We visited in mid-October for 3 nights in NYC. The hotel was beautiful, comfortable and wonderfully located. I found the concierge staff, especially Marilyn, incredibly helpful, friendly and professional. I will absolutely stay there again and recommend it highly. 
11814 Sorry we only spent one night! This was a terrific hotel in a great location. All the staff were friendly and extremely helpful and courteous. Room was comfortable with an incredible view of The Empire State Building. 
11815 This hotel was perfect for our first trip to new york. The staff was helpful and celebrated my daughters bday with a suprise dessert. Beds are very comfortable. The subway is next door. And you are next to times square but not in times square. Housekeeping was very attentive. 
11816 I don' t remember anything about the staff because the hotel is quite big. It is true that two elevators are not enough for such a big hotel. Bedrooms are clean and really big. Good choice if you want to be in the hustle and the bustle of the city 
11817 Beautiful hotel. Stayed here for a conference for work. The accommodations were very clean. I enjoyed arriving to my room to find soft lighting, waterfall music and a robe on the bed. Excellent room service, but spendy. Very nice workout facility. Relaxing pools. 
11818 We would never stay here again. This place needs some TLC. how does it get four stars? 
11819 This hotel was in a great location. It was very clean, updated and comfortable. The bed slept great. The concierge service was also great. 
11820 Spacious for a new York hotel...pretty too. Great service, wonderful restaunts, perfect locaction and secure...they check for your room card each entry. Hearing the loud music from the event on the second floor upon entering the lobby for check in was a little off-putting....but we had an excellent stay!! 
11821 Excellent service, friendly staff and comfortabe rooms. Now has an attached restaurant. 
11822 A busy hotel with a very convenient location, and good front office services. The rooms are quite dated and in need of refurbishment, although the beds are consistent with Marriott's high standards. 
11823 do NOT go there until the adjacent construction is complete. Jack hammers started at 7am...on the 16th floor...ripples in the bedside glass...Bose noise canceling headsets and earplugs no help. No warning upon checkin it was happening. No apology from hotel staff. BAD SERVICE - BAD stay 
11824 The hotel was nice and clean. The service there was excelent. Henry Strait was really nice and was there to help you out. The restaraunt and bar staff was friendly and eager to please. would recomend 
11825 SITUATION IDEALE. DES LA SORTIE DE L' HOTEL ,C'EST LE GRAND PLONGEON DANS TIME SQUARE. GENIAL. L'HOTEL EN LUI MEME EST UN CORRECT 2 * , BIEN ENTRETENU. A 10 m , DE QUOI SE RESTAURER CORRECTEMENT MAIS QUAND MEME AU TARIF NYC. 
11826 Excellent point, great room and friendly staff. Next time in New York we will stay there again for sure. It has all nearby. Restaurants, supermarket, subway, good shops... 
11827 Very helpful staff, great bed, very clean, no noise at all, close to the subway station, strongly recommend! 
11828 My wife and I stayed here the first week of October.As a diamond member we were upgraded to one from the top great view.I would stay here again anytime 
11829 This hotel needs a serious over haul. The staff upon check needs a serious over haul as well, like remembering they are in the hospitality business. Never again. 
11830 My new favorite hotel in NY. Service was outstanding (a rarity in NY). Room was tastefully decorated and spacious. Highly recommended. 
11831 Looked everywhere for a contemporary NY hotel and found the perfect match. Excellent accommodations and amazing beds! Short walk to Times Square. LCD tv's in elevator eliminate akward silence. Staff was very helpful. Everyone should stay here... 
11832 DON'T EVEN CONSIDER THIS PLACE -- Everything others have posted is flattering, to say the least -- I am surprised the rats even stick around!!! 
11833 Enjoyed my stay very much and I thought the staff was all excellent. Highly recommend to everyone! 
11834 The hotel is located in walking distance to the Galleria and restaurants. This is a typical Hilton Garden Inn. The staff was extremely friendly. 
11835 Stayed 4 nights in family room which was great size - very clean, good service , great location and excellent gym facilities. Restaurant next door which is effectively part of hotel was good though pricey. 
11836 Good location in the centre of the theatre district of NYC. Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms were very clean and although small were comfortable. However the road noise was a drawback. 
11837 The Hotel is great as the staff members. Excellent continental breakfast and the coffee. Note I'm not a regular coffee drinker, but the robust coffee is great. The rooms was clean. The hotel is located fairly accessible to Time Square and Central Park. Would like to return again. 
11838 This room, by Manhattan standards, was spacious. It was clean and comfortable. Nice bar area and good breakfast. We enjoyed our stay. Easy access via Holland Tunnel. Good restaurants nearby. Price was comparable to other area hotels. 
11839 Was very impressed by the overall service and friendliness of all the employees, especially Evelyn. She made sure everything was right for me. Definitely would go back to this hotel. 
11840 A truly wonderful experience is exactly what it means! After seein the sights,shopping etc..i could'nt wait to get back to the hotel! All of the hotel was so relaxin,the lobby,the reception area,i highly recommend the Bull n Bear restaurant located in the hotel,excellent !! I would definaltely go again!! 
11841 Good location, friendly staff, clean rooms, great value, need I say more? Evidently I do. Very close to Lincoln tunnel. Made entry and exit to NYC quick and hassle free. 
11842 Good value this close to downtown. Room was adequate. Travelled uptown by metro every night no problem. No facilities so eat out and bring your drinks in. Some good places to eat close by in China town or Little Italy. 
11843 Excellent location in the middle of Times Square. Walking distance from almost everything. Price is high and the bedroom is very very little. 
11844 Me and my partner was looking for a central hotel for an OK price. Bentley proved to be a good choice in terms of both location and price. 
11845 A great hotel in the financial district - the king room was large for Manhattan snd well appointed. The bed was like a big cloud - sooo comfortable and a very clean hotel. 
11846 Charming , opulent edifice....great service.......only complaint...poor communcation between booking company and hotel...............but back to the compliments: quiet room, very friendly clerks...the main restaurant was excellent with the steaks (aged beef) AAA 
11847 The hotel was great. Excellent service, a large room, courteous staff - I really enjoyed it, and the rate was very reasonable for this type of hotel. 
11848 Hotel has become our favorite in Manhattan 
11849 However, easy book.com mislead me with booking rates. My bill was $90 more than my quoted final rate. Hotel tax was Omitted. I'm not from NYC so would not have known all Appropriate taxes. I will not use easy book again. 
11850 If you want to be in Times Square for under $140 then go for it but if you want a nice or decent place this is NOT it. No smoke alarms or AC in any unit 
11851 Very modern and great and convenient location. Rooms were small but very efficiently designed to make good use of all space. Brunch on Sunday was delicious! Coffee and other beverages available on each floor. 
11852 I spent 1 night at the Tryp Hotel and am impressed with the efficient staff, free wifi, good breakfast selection and large rooms with a decent desk. It's a few blocks from Hell"s Kitchen or the Village but a reasonable distance from (not in) Times Square. Will definitely stay again. 
11853 The staff was friendly and the location is very close to IAH airport. Hotel was generally quite, but an occasional jet was noticable. Food and drink served downstairs is very convenient. 
11854 If you don't want to stay in a hostel but upmarket hotels are out of your price range (let's face it, New York is *expensive*) this hotel is fabulous. It's close to everything, the rooms are spacious and the staff are helpful and welcoming. 
11855 Great location, good and clean hotel. I can warmly recommend this hotel, it hosts all the essentials and nothing else Take care and safe travel! Behind the digital goose pen, /Chris 
11856 If you like things that are tiny and have really low expectations, you might not be disappointed. If you have less than $200, and it's this or the bus station, this is preferable. 
11857 My daughter and I stayed at this property over the weekend. We were upgraded to a nice room, ample space for a NYC hotel. The staff were attentive and this hotel is well-located. There is construction across the street, but the noise did not bother us at all. 
11858 The rooms are comfortable. The staff is well trained and nice. The only improvement I would recommend (as other reviews have already mentioned) is the quality of the breakfast. For example, the muffin was dry and not tasty. Overall, a great hotel find in New York! 
11859 Stayed at the Hilton Suites Chicago for a business trip and was very pleased. Staff very nice and accommodating, rooms are comfortable and spacious. Will stay here again next time I am in Chicago. 
11860 Very nice hotel. It was the best location to secure Broadway show tickets at the TKTS booth. Don't eat breakfast in the restaurant, it's too pricey. Head over a block and a half to the Hotel Edison. Great breakfast for only $7.95. 
11861 Unbelievable stay. We have had dinner on the terrace a few times. We bought a night's stay at a charity function and had the time of our life. We will tell all of our friends. The staff are great. Checkin was effortless and checkout was the same. 
11862 Room was very large and comfortable and clean. Price was fair. Had to wait for front staff to check in and ask questions. No area information available in lobby or from staff. Location is a ways away from Houston proper but, had plenty of stores and eateries around it. 
11863 The property seems in alot better condition than before. The rooms are cleaner. I give it a 7 out of 10 
11864 Worried about some reviews but the hotel was excellent. Clean and friendly staff. Nice bar area to relax in etc. Food available but never tried it. I could not fault it. Not too far to walk to times square etc. quite a few eating places close by. Recommend to all. 
11865 Pretty satisfied with hotel. Very traditional old english, but the rooms are well kept and up-to-date and contemporary. The service is alright. However room service is super expensive ! Well located, however no need for windows as they give onto a wall. 
11866 Great Hotel for the price. Mostly had to use cabs/subway, easy to get anywhere, but not much within walking distance. 
11867 Nice Hotel with the Marriott quality, we been very surprise with the quality of the dinner room. If you like salmon try their salmon plate, great service also great. We really appreciate it. Next visit in NY we will probably use the same hotel 
11868 If you're compelled (or want) to be in Times Square the Westin is within a block but it feels more removed from the noise and confusion of the immediate streets of Times Square. The rooms are nice and comfortable. Bed was especially comfortable. 
11869 it was nice to go to nyc and still not have to spend alot. a short walk to time square and macy's and 1 1/2 blocksto msg 
11870 may not be fancy but well worth the money spent. room just remodeled and very clean 
11871 during my stay the the hotel, stuff ware amazing, location right in central manhattan, subway ride takes around 5 min to times square, very close to madison square, rooms are little small, but it contains every thing you need, very clean, little expansive to dine or to drink 
11872 This hotel is a great location when visiting New York. The breakfast was great and because we were on the opposite side to the building work we had a very pleasant nights sleep. Would definitely recommend! 
11873 The room accommodates two adults and two children / teens. Breakfast is plentiful with a good range of breads and fruits. The location is excellent. 
11874 We stayed 8 nights at this hotel. It was great. Location was within walking distance to everything. Room was good. Would recommend it to anyone, family, couples. 
11875 We got a room at 42 floor with a great view and we have booked a deluxe room. The room was big - we were 2 adult and 2 teenagers - no problem. Helpfull Staff with shoppingareas etc.. Same hotel next time 
11876 My wife and I stayed at the Hyatt for valentine's weekend. It's just an outstanding location right above Grand Central. The service was good and the room was very nice (we were upgraded due to Gold Passport membership). 
11877 we had a standard king room and it was pretty big. Very nice decor. i loved that it came with a beverage center which had two cocktail glasses, an ice bucket and some swizzel sticks. the bed was very comfortable. 
11878 This Hotel is very clean, efficient, and well located. They offer a full kitchen, even a dishwasher! Found the staff very helpful, Marvin & Felicia went over and above the call of duty for me. If you have business in the area, this is your home away from home. 
11879 Stayed with my family in a spacious double room. Got a great deal and breakfast is included. Rooms were basic but clean. Very easy access to subways on 6th and 7th Aves. Staff was helpful in suggestion, giving directions, etc. 
11880 L Hotel e' situato al centro...grazie alla sua posizione e' facile giungere alla quinta strada, oltre al Park Central...Sin dal primo giorno siamo stati accolti da un personale molto gentile, e altamente qualificato come Elisabeth addetta alla reception, la quale parla diverse lingue come l'italiano....Ringraziamo tutto lo staff dell'albergo.. 
11881 Wij hebben onlangs 5 nachten doorgebracht in The Alex. Prima hotel, met goede voorzieningen. Wij lagen op de 8e verdieping; hier heb je 's ochtends wel af en toe last van geluid buiten. Personeel is aardig en behulpzaam. 
11882 really nice and comfortable hotel~I love all the colors and decoration. The server there is really nice, especially the front desk, Tom Hilton, he is really patient, considerate, hard-working and sweet,:-) I enjoy all the experience in the hotel, the Christmas chocolate and nice photos with Tom! 
11883 Considering that it's located in one of the priciest zip codes in the world, the price is a steal. Rooms are very clean. I don't think they offer breakfast. Hey, you're in Manhattan; there's always a deli around the corner. 
11884 Great hotel in great position. Small pool but good to come back to. Breakfast deserves its reputation but VERY expensive. Fantastic burger bar hiding behind the curtain in the foyer- very cheap. 
11885 Great location (only 2 blocks from Times Square) with free wifi, free breakfast muffins, all-day free galley on every floor (with iced water and hot drinks including fantastic hot chocolate). 
11886 posizione fantastica , davanti central park e vicinissimo alla quinta strada. camere ben arredate e bagni da poco rinnovati da consigliare 
11887 Awesome hotel! Loved the view of downtown and the location is fab! Great value for the location. I would stay there again! Rooms are gorgeous! 
11888 i love the location. Facing the beautiful big new WTC tower and peaceful 9/11 memorial pools. Room is comfortable and big enough. 
11889 As a Washingtonian who travels up to NYC often for both business and pleasure, you simply cannot find better value on Manhattan, period. A nice change from the big chain hotels--those familiar with the small, clean, inexpensive family run pensione hotels throughout Europe will feel very much at home here. 
11890 Poor hotel/unenjoyable stay. I found the Reception staff in particular rude, unpleasant and generally unhelpful. Not up to required standard. There must be better places to stay while in Houston. 
11891 Super Kundendienst. Concierge war super. Lage ist perfekt - Subway 3 Minuten zur Fuss. Tolle Fruhstuck bei Manhatten Diner mit den Frustuckcoupon von An der Ave. Bett was sehr, sehr bequem. Sehr sauber. 
11892 Very well located, you can walk everywhere from here, the rooms are very confortable and fashion, the service is friendly. Expensive, but luxury. 
11893 Excellent personnel and location. The room was very small and with thin wall, you will be hearing noises from inside and outside the hotel. If available will be staying again. 
11894 Great suites, great staff, great location for theatres and shopping and the suites are perfect for families. 
11895 the hotel should be children friendly. the rooms have a problem with air ventilation we stayed in #607 the toilets had a problem. 
11896 Had agreat stay here with 2 teenagers. Location is very good - walking and subway. Had a great stay, and Jessie gave us great rooms. Well done him. Would recommend this hotel, anytime. 
11897 Idealement situe pres de l'Empire States Building a mi-chemin entre Uptown et Downtown. Time square accessible a pied. Les sanitaires/douches sur le palier sont tres propres. Seul bemol, la ventilation exterieure bruyante. 
11898 recently stayed at this hotel in March 2009, rate was great and while the room was small ( what isn't in NYC) the bathroom was fab, great amenities and a perfect location. this is my second time and i still think its a great value for the dollar 
11899 This place was fun. Shiny and new...boutique, chic, modern, clean, and secure. Great staff. Bar is full of attractive young people on the weekend. Can't wait to go back!!! 
11900 Highly recomended. Everything was excellent. This Hotel is going to be one of the Top Quality in NYC. 
11901 My partner and i had a amazing stay. The hotel was clean, the other guest will friendly. Everything went well !! The staff was very professional 
11902 I would recommend this hotel to my family. Iam looking forward to Staying again really soon. 
11903 We stay here whenever we are in NY. The rooms and views are amazing and quiet for NYC!The staff goes out of their way to make sure your stay is everything you want. 
11904 I stay at this Hilton garden as often as possible. I work in NYC and this hotel is very convenient. The service is great and very accommodating. I also like to use the fitness center. 
11905 Great hotel very nice interior and rooms nicely Decorated. Beds were great. The hotel is with in walking distance to a lot of nice restaurants and things to do. 
11906 I recommend it to tourists unfussy. Good for those who just want to have a bed for a few hours of sleep at night. A good breakfast. Otherwise, unfriendly staff, mediocre comfort. 
11907 Excellet Quality-Price-Ratio Modern Hotel Very Clean Wonderful free breakfast 
11908 The Good... The View, The Bed, The location, The neighborhood, The price The Bad... Nothing too bad The Ugly.... Everything past the front door. It is in dire need of a renovation. This could be a very good hotel, if they would spend some money on fixing it up. 
11909 The best I have ever stayed at in NYC. The rooms are spotless, well appointed and quite large after NYC standards. The staff is very friendly, and the locations is great. Will definately stay there again. 
11910 This was a fabulous find and we will return. Great location, good sized rooms, polite staff..I lived in NYC for 40 years and hope that I have another 30 to return to the Lucerne. Thanks so much. 
11911 My husband and I spent 2 nights in Four Seasons New York and enjoyed our stay. Room was beautiful and the view of the city was great! Very clean. Check in was very quick. We were upgraded. Overall we really enjoyed our stay. 
11912 The Mansfield was a wonderful, clean hotel with great customer service. I will absolutely return. 
11913 the hotel is wonderful but best of all is the front desk especally Patric taylor who was very friendly extremely helpful with a great attitude and warm smile that makes you feel special. He always makes sure the guests are satisfied and he does an excellent job doin so. 
11914 Great hotel if you like some completely different to Schrager. But...poor value for money especially the room service breakfast. It pains me to pay $40 for a croissant even on an expense account. 
11915 was just there during t'giving. Got pool villa thru luxurylink. Loved it awesome pool. Great breakfast at Monarch. Concierge was very helpful The shuttle was great to have. The hotel is in a great location too. Would definitely stay there again 
11916 Stayed for 2 nights - hotel is a perfect location, for shopping, dining etc. All the staff were freindly and helpful...I think the rooms/suites can use an update,(tiny bathrooms) but all in all I would stay again. 
11917 They are rude it's as simple as that. The only positive experience was making the reservation. But from checking in to trying to get the bill it was the ultimate in rude. And who wants to pay to be treated rudely? 
11918 Stayed there last week, and although our room was small, this hotel boasts a staff of friendly and helpful people who did all they could to make our stay pleasant! Fun place to stay and great location! 
11919 Stayed on night in February of 2012. Easy to find, nice location and very clean. Bed was not particularly comfortable. Staff was very helpful. I had a corner room on the 10th floor and it was quiet. Nice view out the window of downtown and the water. 
11920 Very modern decor, great location. We had one of the suites with a little balcony. Bathroom was great but I wish they would have a soaking tub instead of a huge shower. After walking in the city all day long, a soaking tub would be good. Breakfast was top notch... 
11921 View of the park,close to the subway that takes you to Chelsea, meatpacking district & cool shopping. Easy walk to MOMA, inexpensive taxis rides to great, safe neighbourhoods.Loved our comy platform bed and updated nyc style room. Will use the pool next visit. What a view! 
11922 Great service. Very clean. Complimentary b'fast in NYC was a treat. Parking arrangements were not valet, but they were discounted for NYC. 
11923 I like this hotel. The rooms are clean and big 
11924 The people the work there are very friendly and helpfull. We stay in this hotel for one week. We bookt our trip for this year. I like it to come back to this hotel. 
11925 Sleep well...lol Have no complaints. will stay again. I recommend you stay ther as well. clean neat and most of all great service 
11926 Good Hotel on W28th - in Hilton group - good standard - new & modern - friendly staff - Wifi free in room - Good value for NYC 
11927 I travel frequently, I have find the concierge staff specially Ms Anya Orlanska as well as Ms Sarah to be exceptionally knowledgeable and helpful. Thank you all very much. 
11928 Elegant, lovely room. I truly enjoyed this tremendous hotel. Please dont go here, i wanna keep it a secret for my dam self! 
11929 Een simpel hotel, met als pre dat je behalve een slaapkamer en een badkamer, ook een aparte woonkamer annex keuken hebt. Niet superdelux, maar gewoon goed voor een goede prijs. De wijk is leuk en gemoedelijk, met veel restaurants in de buurt. 
11930 Hi, i stayed at this hotel on June 1st, the location is really good, people there are very nice and helpful. The room is very clean and the stuff offered detailed information for tour New York city. Great service, 100% satisfaction! 
11931 First time at this hotel. I try to move around and test out the smaller hotels in NYC each visit. I will be staying at the Sanctuary again. Great rooms, service and very cool bar area. 
11932 This place rocks!! Love the decor and room is very spacious. Room and bathroom are super clean!! Will definitely stay here in future!! We had no noise issue and were very comfortable. Wine and cheese reception in the evening was nice. 
11933 This hotel met all my needs and was in a perfect location. 
11934 We had a great time here - everything about this hotel was just very very good. It was a little hot inside the public areas, but overall - we had a great time. The staff were very friendly and helpful. 
11935 Just near the Empire state, the 5th Avenue and Times square. Clean and good service. If you travel for business or holidays to NY, this hotel is a very good option for your stay. Enjoy!!! 
11936 I just spent a beautiful weekend in New York City, in my favorite hotel, The Intercontinental New York Barclay. The room and service was fantastic. The sunday brunch was excellent. I highly recommend this hotel. 
11937 it was my second time,i enjoy both very much,small hotel,clean and a nice stuff. Near grand central station,so, very easy to go anywhere. 
11938 This place has a great location to see all the sights of the city. Its also close to a subway stop which is a bonus. The room was spacious at a reasonable price. I would stay here if in NYC again. 
11939 The staff are friendly and professional, the rooms clean and modern, the location ideal, garden area is nice, breakfast is good and THE PRICE IS GREAT! This is my favorite "reasonably priced" hotel in the Houston area. 
11940 This hotel is obviously no 5 star design hotel, but it has a great location and there aren't many affordable hotels in this area. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The ones with the entresol even charming. Recommended. 
11941 Very expensive but beautiful and comfortable rooms. Location is perfect and the staff is professional, but room service is not excellent and too much expensive. I've stayed in New York many times and it's the BEST. 
11942 Bold presence. confident. smart. describes the clientele, the staff and the drink menu. they'll make your favorite drink well. 
11943 Indigo is beautiful and has a nice little restaurant. The location is great for an easy and safe walk to restaurants and Michigan Ave. It is close to an El station. The staff is very friendly and helpful. We enjoyed our stay here. 
11944 Considering the location this hotel is a great value for your money. The rooms are tiny but clean. House keeping will barge in early in the moorning so lock the door and dont forget the do not disturb sign. 
11945 Amazing personal service, they make you feel right at home 
11946 room very very dirty (bathroom carpet and sheet above all) and quite rumorous but hotel in a very very central position -near trafalgar square...and not so expensive!!! if you have more money to spend change hotel!!!! 
11947 Very much enjoyed the stay here. Location is just so central to everything we wanted to see on Manhatten. Area seemed safe. Complimentary muffins and coffee an added bonus in the mornings! 
11948 Spacious, comfortable, unpretentious, homey. Great value for a family vacation or a long business stay. 
11949 paar jaar in Hotel pennsylvania geweest, dit jaar voor het eerst hier; wat een verademing. Uit de megavolle toeristenhoek naar een fijne buurt en even centraal gelegen. Aardig personeel, prima kamer, incl een koelkastje wat erg prettig is als het buiten 32 gr is. Zou er zo weer terug gaan. 
11950 the muse is an excellent hotel in which to spend any time in nyc. you can look but you won't find better. the staff is friendly and the facility is first class. 
11951 The staff at the Westin could not have been more pleasant and accommodating to my wife and I during our trip. We thouroughly enjoyed ourselves. The location was perfect....only one block from Times Square. If you are planning a trip to New York City, we highly recommend the Westin. 
11952 Very nice and very comfortable hotel that gave us the best possible basis for our family-holiday. We will definately come back. 
11953 goog place that near downtown, convient trafic and high quality service while a little bit noisy as near road. recommend buffet breakfast 
11954 Large room, good location. Decor is bland. Checked in late and bedding was dirty and stained so had to sleep on it until the next day. Front desk could not change a $50 bill. 
11955 From start to finish, the stay was awesome! Different approach to a hotel that we love! Location was a bit confusing but you will find it worth it! The staff was really professional! If you visit and want a great hotel, go to element in Houston! 
11956 Excellent position, clean, excellent staff could not fault anything will certainly stay there again, wanted to take Ronnie home 
11957 Downtown Hotel near Navy Pier great for family's. Small pool still nice for smaller kids. Room nice large with two rooms. Good morning breakfast and free managers cocktail reception. For Business Travellers it can be good but the family's (kids) can be unexpected. 
11958 The Four Seasons a must when coming to Houston. The new Chef in their restaurant knows the kitchen, one of the best meals I've had in a long time. They have a great pool area, very children friendly. 
11959 We had to change hotels because the carpet in our room smelled old from the humidity. We had to leave after one night due to smell. 
11960 Small, very clean and tidy room. Modern decoration and confortable bathroom. Just what you need to take a hot bath after walking the whole day around the city, to be ready to gou out for a blast! Just three blocks away from Grand Central. Great location and friendly staff. 
11961 Stayed here for a week with my brother for Wrestlemania a few years back. Very luxurious hotel with nice rooms. The lobby area is spacious, with a good bar with tv`s showing various sports. Would return if went to Houston in the future. 
11962 Great little stay here. Room size was generous. Furnishings are dated but just fine. The lobby was impressive. Best thing about our great deal was the staff. They could not have been more pleasant, accomodating and helpful. 
11963 This is an excellent hotel for business or vacation travel - well located in MidTown and near excellent restaurants. The hotel is well maintained and the staff is friendly and helpful. I have stayed there several times over the last 18 months and have been very pleased with the value. 
11964 Stayed here with friends and we all really enjoyed our stay. Rooms were large and comfortable, hotel is in a good location and the staff especially the concierge was excellent. The next door Barking Dog was particularly good for breakfast. Hope to stay here again :) 
11965 Very nice hotel, centrally located. Great service, especially the doormen (so important in New York :-) The best recommendation I can give is that I will go back any time. Complementary coffee 24hrs is brilliant. In all respects a high end hotel. 
11966 This hotel is located on the west side of Time Squares which makes it convenient to get there quickly but is also located in a quite neighbourhood. Prices were reasonable for Manhattan and room were very clean with some great service. 
11967 2 blocks to 59th st Subway, Huge rooms, Bathrooms could be updated. very friendly. Awesome Deli on the Corner (Killer Cheesecake and bagles - and cheap). Easy check in and check out. No extra charge for third or fourth guest (saved $ - versa other hotels in nyc) 
11968 Greatest NYE I've had in along time the staff were very accomdating and they made me feel like i was at home 
11969 Super Amazing location. Very reasonable price. Smaller than average Manahttan rooms. Hard to control room temps. Uncomfortable beds. Did the trick for a quick in and out trip to the city 
11970 EVERYONE, Don't listen to other comments, the hotel is INFESTED with BED BUGS. If you choose to stay, be prepared to have a hell of a night with bugs biting you and having to deal with the bites all day, that could be infectious. NOT RECOMMENDED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
11971 Good clean hotel. Very busy. Used by conference people.Only there 2 days but all very acceptable. Hotel in good central district.Food available but I thought prices very high. Not a friendly hotel to stay for a long period. 
11972 We stayed there in Dec 2003 for 4 nights,we really enjoyed it and the location was great. All the hotel staff were friendly. 
11973 Great bed and room was very nice. But request a room with a view. 
11974 Old room, front desk personnel did not know how to extend my stay, iron was dirty and almost ruined my clothes, bed was uncomfortable as were the pillows, door did not seal properly, and the floor has low spots that feel like I am going to fall through. 
11975 Excellent Location, clean rooms, average size. Helpful, pleasant staff. Cost average for area. 
11976 Great value for the price--everything was very clean and well-maintained. Free breakfast in the morning with free juice and coffee served all day. The staff is knowledgeable about the area and very friendly. I'll definitely stay here again! 
11977 Great location!!! Good deal (for NY prices) for area. So much to see close to hotel. Love NEW YORK!!!! Will be back for sure! They even met requests of some storage and a hair dryer! : ) 
11978 Loved this hotel. Great location in Soho. Close to subway. Good shopping and restaurants close by. Great price for clean, modern room. Would definitely stay again. 
11979 L'hotel correct mais chambre trop exigue et tres sombre. hotel tres anonyme ;personnel indifferent. hotel bien place mais rue sinistre et sale; on attend tres longtemps les ascenseurs jusqu'a 1 quart d'heure; petit dejeuner exellent et copieux; rapport qualite prix moyen 
11980 We stay here everytime we come to NYC. The uptown city view rooms have an awesome view!Everything is always very clean and the service is great! Very peaceful-you cannot hear anything in the hallways or other rooms while in the hotel. Great location..only a few blocks from everything. 
11981 One of the best Hotel I've ever stayed in. Nice, clean, friendly, totally worth the money! Unfortunately, the a/c was much too loud, ouch! 
11982 Stayed for 3 nights, in November didn't realise that we would be sharing with unwelcome guests and paid in blood 
11983 I stayed at this Motel because my empolyer set it up. The smell made me sick. Dogs and Cats pee all over the carpets and they are never cleaned. The staff was pleasent. Thats about all I can say that is NICE!!! Very sad:( Location was great, lots of Restaurants. 
11984 I have stayed at this hotel a number of times over the years and it is one of the best hotels in Houston. If you like to be called by name and waited on, then this is your hotel. Not the least expensive in town but well worth the money. 
11985 We stayed her for vacation and had a good time. The Strand is average in my opinion, but with a nice and helpful staff and a great location we give it our warmest rcommendations. 
11986 Really disappointed in the room size, even for New York. Crowded elevator was tiny too. Staff was friendly and attentive and price was good, even considering the view was into a very dark and small alley. 
11987 Location is outstanding. Staff very courteous, if you a guitar player take advantage of the picks program. I had my own Fender Tele that they lent me with and amp to play free if charge during my entire stay of 6 days. Nice touch. Highly recommend it. 
11988 The hotel is a very good value, large clean rooms at a reasonable price. Julissa works the front desk and was very helpful and went the extra mile to solve a problem for a client of mine that was also staying in the hotel. 
11989 Perfect position for a holiday visitor, Walking distance to all the sights. Good room size ,very clean ,useful fridge and micowave. Friendly and helpful staff.Would recommend to friends.A little noisy but not unexpected for middle of the city and did not bother us. 
11990 The rooms were huge. The staff was SO rude. Good Location. Doormen were fantastic. However, would probably not stay here again. 
11991 The staff at Morgans is friendly and helpful. Our room was very clean and comfortable although the bathroom was very small. The continental breakfast is a plus. The location is convenient to Times Square if you don't mind walking 8-10 blocks. 
11992 In Midtown ho trovato una ottima offerta per questo hotel: posizione eccellente, vicino alle 5th Ave, a Times Square, Central Park, ...metropolitana vicina, stanze ampie. Cortesi alla reception. Colazione non compresa nel prezzo ma disponibile con supplemento. In alternativa: ottimo bar-cafe per colazioni/spuntini/pranzi veloci appena usciti. 
11993 Siamo stati 5 notti a Dylan hotel,,,, molto vecchio.. New York e sempre un UNICA!!!!!!!!!! 
11994 Great place - Rooms are very small but very nice. Great lounge for gold members. Nice rooftop place that you have a great view from. Nicest NYC hotel ever ( have stayed at the Sheraton Manhattan - UGH). 
11995 Wonderful hotel, great rooms, excellent restraunt (but a bit too slick) great staff that were very helpful. The perfect location to be near the Broadway theatres and restraunts, but yet far enough away to be quite. Will stay here next time in NY. 
11996 Stayed for 5 days in August 2011. Room was good, I hear they can be hit n miss. But the location, value and service were faultless, would stay again. 
11997 Muy bueno,solamente a dos cuadras de Time Square,pleno corazon de NY,desayuno muy bueno y el personal de hotel muy predispuestos!! 
11998 Central location in Times Square, helpful staff, with lots of security. Rooms well kept. Air condition in the lobby and outside the room is too cold! 
11999 This is a great hotel. Has all the amenities you could wish for and a beautiful modern design. I would def stay here again. 
12000 Outstanding! I loved my stay and it was a nice place to stay. I stayed for over 2 months and everyday I was helped by your staff. Alex( Blk Female) and Sory the driver made my stay good.Also it would be nice to have an ATM! Thanks Taft Walker 708-268-8502 
12001 Top location, friendly staff, quick and easy check in/out. room clean comfortable but wish they had tea and coffee facilities in room but Starbucks next door and couple of Delis across road from 45th street entrance. 
12002 the room was little, could be a bit bigger for this price. the bed was good, the bathroom clean. the location is great if you want to check out manhattan 
12003 Very convenient, because we're near times square & rockefeller. Staff were very good. 
12004 This is one of the best hotels for the money that I have stayed at in a major city. It is very clean, quiet and the rooms although not luxurious are very comfortable. Given the location and the quality of the hotel, you cannot go wrong. 
12005 Wat somber ingericht, maar comfortabele kamer, met uitstekende bedden en prettige badkamer. Free internet op kamer als mooie service van het hotel. Ligging van hotel heel centraal dichtbij Penn station, Macy's en de leuke Chelsea woonstraten, zoals 21st en 22nd. Ontbijt hotel goed en betaalbaar. 
12006 Super location, superb service, nice rooms. Hip area that is great to walk around in. Unique rooftop pool. Interesting out door restaurant and garden. Overall a very good experience from friendly check in to a check that made sure we were happy. 
12007 We were looking for accommodation in down town Chicago that was clean but was in our price range. This hotel surpassed our expectations, actually working out less expensive than we were originally quoted. Whilst the decor may be some what dated, it provided the service required. 
12008 Great service, great location right behind S. Patrick Cathedran and 3 minutes walking to Central Park 
12009 Such a nice and clean hotel. Everyone was very helpful while we stayed there. The room was small but very comfy. It was also nice that they had a complimentary breakfest too. It is also close to so many attractions too. I can't wait to go back. 
12010 I have stayed at this hotel multiple times for business. It is in a great location, has great guestrooms and a great breakfast buffet. The night bellman is fantastic and remembers guests from previous years. 
12011 I loved this hotel very much (in NEW YORK) It was very clean and the people were very lovely and warm We enjoyed it very much Thanks a lot 
12012 Hotel was sober maar zeer netjes, ook de gedeelde badkamers. Geen enkel problemen gehad. Personeel sloom maar zeker vriendelijk! Het hotel ligt vlak bij de rode lijn (metro) 2 minutjes lopen en je bent daardoor zomaar in het midden van Manhattan. 
12013 Perfect place to stay for a shopping weekend! Staff was very helpful and friendly. Room was very clean and confortable. 
12014 Hotel adatto ad una clientela giovane ed informale,non adatto a famiglie con bambini.Camere molto piccole,la pulizia delle stesse lascia un po' a desiderare.Il personale del ricevimento non e' amichevole.Ottima l'ubicazione ad un isolato dallEmpire state building ed il costo contenuto. 
12015 The rooms felt more like a downtown apartment! I didn't want to leave! 
12016 Quando arrivi nessuno ti riceve o viene a prenderti il bagaglio. Alla reception, parlano solo americano e molto velocemente fregandosene se dici loro di parlare in modo lento. Per il resto le camere sono molto confortevoli ed i letti eccezionali. Posizione strategica. 
12017 The only reason this hotel is worth considering is the location. Other than that, be prepared to experience confused/unhelpful staff, long waits for an elevator, and less than perfect standards of cleanliness. In other words, you can do better than this place. 
12018 Stayed here on business just recently and was really impressed. Great room, great food and great irish pub downstairs! Nice and central to get around. Only problem for me was waiting for breakfast for a really long time 
12019 albergo ben fatto, molto yuppy, molto di tendenza, ma stanze davvero invivibili; piccole al limite estremo, servizi costosi (bar, etc.). Mancano pure i cassetti in camera: sara' di tendenza, ma avere solo scaffali e' scomodo 
12020 The lobby and bar areas are beautifully designed and welcoming. Helpful and welcoming staff. Top notch in all areas, A little touch of the continent in the middle of New York. I have already recommended this hotel to friends. 
12021 The location was great, very close to the subway, only 5mins walk away, ten mins walk to bloomingdales. The hotel staff were lovely and gave us a free room upgrade upon request. The bathroom was a little tatty, but the actual room and hotel was fab xxx 
12022 OK, it is not the Waldorf Astoria or some uber-trendy boutique hotel in Tribeca, but the Doubletree Metropolitan is WONDERFULLY located, it is clean, it is comfortable, and the price is often right. 
12023 Just returned from a 4 nite stay at the New York Palace with my wife. The location is right by St. Patrics Cathedral, and the Rockefeller Center. Broadway is couple of blocks away. Everything was perfect. 
12024 Quality hotel, very efficient but friendly staff. killer views from upper floors. 
12025 was pretty cheap considering (booked it on hotwire, got it for about $180 everything included...not bad for last minute accommodations in midtown). I would definitely come back here again. Breakfast is good too. 
12026 Location was good, all we needed at hand... a good place to explore NYC! 
12027 We enjoyed staying at the Omni. It is close to the Galleria. Rooms and bathrooms are large and comfortable. Staff was friendly and went out of their way to help us. The only problem was lack of parking. 
12028 We really enjoyed this hotel! Fantastic location! We will defintely stay with Avalon again. Tip: Ask for a room away from the street. 
12029 Like this hotel, they have airport shuttle which means you can still explore downtown by taking the "L" into the city. 
12030 Very lean rooms, big-for-NY, amazing location. The bed was very comfortable. Free wireless Internet. 
12031 Rooms need updating (time for flat screen TVs) but can't beat the location. Doormen are very nice. Understaffed front desk so forget calling down. Lots of great attractions, restaurants, etc. off the Mag Mile. Excellent rate one of the booking services. 
12032 The dirty front windows should have been a clue. The only thing I can say good is that they do have a big breakfast that is included in the cost. 
12033 Beautiful property, the renovation was fantastic. The staff couldn't be more friendly and the lobby is amazing. We loved the food at Country as well. All in all, it's a great value - check it out before the secret gets out. 
12034 This hotel was wonderful, good size rooms for Manhattan! Rooms have a small kitchen area and great views of the city!!! Breakfast was wonderful but did end kind of early. Easy walk to most locations in the city, we had an amazing time! Thank you!! 
12035 The hotel location was exceptional with many of the local attractions (Times Square, Rockefeller Plaza, Central Park, Empire State Building, etc.) within walking distance. The rooms, although not outstanding, were clean and represented a good value for what we paid. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again. 
12036 Pros: good location. Bed is comfortable. Cons: Nothing special. Room boring. Downstairs restaurant terrible (I had sushi and wings). Towels are too tough. Front desk ok. Will I stay here again ? Prob not. 
12037 Great location, easy access to subway and parking. Clean and spacious rooms. 
12038 Enjoyed the staying in a bunk bed room with a friend. Going back this weekend!! It's fun, clean, and stylish. HIGHLY recommend! 
12039 Fast and uneventful check-in and check-out, comfortable and clean rooms, great location, excellent room service, good value for money. Although Wi-fi is available, seems rather expensive ($14.95-$16.95 per 24 hours). TV could use a little updating. Stayed for 9 nights in May, would definitely come back. 
12040 Excellent staff in the hotel, very friendly and helpful. Rooms kept clean and neat, some rooms/floors look tired, probable updating soon as some floors appeared more up to date than others. Excellent location, walking distance to Broadway and Times Square. Good value. 
12041 First time stay in this new hotel in lower Manhattan. One of the most high-end hotels in lower Manhattan. Totally different than the traditional ones. Great design in the lobby, and very nice room. Great city views. Convenient and great location. Great customer services. 
12042 Well priced, convenient location, friendly and capable staff at reception, breakfast very basic (plastic cups, plastic cutlery, etc) but sufficient. Rooms clean but small, beds comfortable, quality amenities provided in bathroom 
12043 This is a great hotel for the price - centrally located, clean and comfortable, quiet enough - we were on the 7th floor - and convenient to everything. Also, it's right across the street from a fabulous new resaurant called Artisanal. All told, a great deal. 
12044 This hotel is great! Stayed there for 7 nights, and cant complain about a thing! Service was excelent and every person working there was really helpfull and polite. I recomend this hotell to anyone who is wondering where to stay in NY. 
12045 I stayed here for one night on a last second business trip. The staff was great. The room was a nice size and clean. Great location. I will stay here anytime I'm in town. 
12046 This is the 3rd time i've stayed in this Westin and it really is a great New York Hotel. Great service, Great location, Great rooms. What can i say it's just Great. 
12047 I have stayed at this hotel a number of times on business. The hotel is excellent, great service, rooms are great, super clean, great bed linen and very comforatble beds. I would definitely stay here again. 
12048 I highly recommend the Belvedere Hotel. Staff are friendly and helpful, rooms are clean and the location is perfect. Lots of restaurants and bars nearby and a stones throw away from Times Square. 
12049 Checked in, took off my shoes and found not one, not two, but THREE DEAD COCKROACHES throughout the room. Absolutely disgusting. The front desk guy checked me out and wouldn't even book me another hotel. STAY AWAY!!!!! 
12050 Excellent Hotel. Large Rooms, Well-Appointed and Clean. I wish I could have stayed longer. 
12051 very big rooms perfect location friendly staff good price qaulity very good service 
12052 Great Room, Great Service all around a great place. Location was perfect. Would highly recommend for the business traveler or leisure. 
12053 Staff told us to park around back- car was broken into and everything was stolen. WORST part of The area according to the police. HIGH CRIME area, Staff was Willfully neglectful- offered no help whatsoever, Rude- lazy and uncaring. Not family friendly, Bring protection if you stay here. 
12054 Stayed one night with some friends, the staff was nice, the room was clean, and overall a very pleasant experience. 
12055 The location is great. Rooms are big (had a corner delux). The only negative but for me important point is the bathroom. It's is old and the bathtub was dirty as well. 
12056 I stayed in January.Perfect location with very good size room.Very close to the central park and to broodway too. Huge building with amazing lobby area. Bit expensive but I think is normal in Manhattan Hotels. 
12057 We loved it. Nothing special, but location location location! Next to Broadway, short walk to Timesquare, theater district, tourist bus ride on the same street, same block as Empire Building. (50 W. 34th), lots of restaurants to chose from. Inside - very basic, nothing too fancy, but OK. 
12058 Good hotel in almost perfect location in Manhattan. Quality bed and pillows provided a good night of sleep. There's a great rooftop patio - bar on the 16th floor with amazing views of the city. Would stay there again. 
12059 When I was at The Belnord it seemed adequate, even though we had no storage space. However, I got home a few days ago and am covered in bed bug bites from head to toe. Do not stay here unless you like bed bugs!! 
12060 Wonderful unique hotel. The front office manager Brandon is so kind. As a priority club member, I was immediately given an room upgrade and drink voucher. Great location--easy walk to the Galleria. Very comfortable room. The refrigerator came in very handy. 
12061 The Empire Hotel in NYC was amazing! I had a short visit to NYC and the comforts of this hotel were perfect. Romeo was especially helpful (front desk) and very friendly! I will be back again in the near future and this hotel will definitely be my first choice! 
12062 Booked direct with hotel on internet. Excellent location between 5th and 6th Avenue and 2 blocks from Times Square. Luxury room was spacious, quiet (no outside noise) had a very comfortable bed and a great shower. Recommended if you want a quiet and relaxed stay.. 
12063 We stayed for 9 nights, a great location close to center of Manhattan. Bad internet and only in the lobby, if you want to get internet in the room is too expensive, 18 dollars per day. The hotel is ok, the employees are very kind and helpful. A good experience. 
12064 Excellent hotel, excellent location and helpful staff. First off I don't need alot of hotel staff support, really just on check-in. I'm really just interested in the hotel room and location and those were excellent. The room was nice and nicely decorated, though it was a pretty small. 
12065 We booked the hotel after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor. Although a bit expensive, this is a very good hotel, great location, nice and clean rooms, good service. I can recommend this to everyone. 
12066 Similar to other reviews, no rooms available when purchased under the Living Social deal. Only a few during a whole month, during the week. I don't think so. Seems the deal showed the hotel's true colors. Waiting to hear if Living Social will refund my money. 
12067 Great location, wonderful service, and very good food - especially if they need to accomodate special diets. 
12068 The staff was great. Love the atmosphere! Definently staying here again. 
12069 Hotel piccolo ma situato in ottima posizione sulla 5th di fronte all'Empire State Building; camere veramente piccole ma nuove, moderne e pulite (anche il bagno); Starbucks accanto alla reception 
12070 Hotel muito bem localizado, em frente ao central park e meio quarteirao da quinta avenida e loja da Apple. Vista maravilhosa para o Central Park no cafe da manha. Conseguimos uma tarifa especial com o site hoteis.com. 
12071 I always stay at On the Ave Hotel when in New York City. It is so convenient to everything and the staff is super helpful! A great place to stay in Manhattan! 
12072 Upscale and within a minutes walk of Grand Central Station! Very close to 5th Avenue and within walking distance of Times Square. Very quiet and relaxing this hotel brings a new feel to the hustle and bustle of New York City. The service was excellent and the rooms were cozy. 
12073 Warm greetings from all the hotel staff, valet service, reception, housekkeeping, hotel lounge, and work out center. Really enjoyed the quiet, clean and welcoming atmosphere. 
12074 Hotel Sorella in a great location. Walking distance to terrific restaurants/bars/shops. Great staff. There on a business conference and the catering was excellent and the conference staff very accommodating. Would recommend for event planners. 
12075 We had dinner at the National and it started raining and Mohammed was so sweet and offered us an umbrella 
12076 I love this hotel - it is so unique and has a great location!! Jill Whaley is AWESOME and always very helpful. The food is fantastic and service second to none. 
12077 This hotel is close to theatres shops and restaurants. High floors are quiet rooms can be a little small but inNY you do not spend time in the room Will be better when the restaurant opens. Close to the subway stations for easy travel 
12078 Friendly staff. Great location. Bed was VERY comfortable. Clean room. Soft towels. We will DEFINITELY stay here again! 
12079 Stayed at this hotel after a cruise and before returning home. I can't say enough good about this property and staff. The room was as nice as a 4-star hotel we stayed at before the cruise.. the only difference being there is nothing to view.. i.e. the ocean! 
12080 This isto the first time ito have everto stayed at an indigo. Nice hotel. Location is questionable. Phones didn't work. Hallway smelled of cigarette. Appliancrs are kindof dated. otherwise all fine and value for $. 
12081 If you're looking for a clean, safe, friendly hotel for a good price, this hotel is the place. Wish I had discovered the breakfast restaurant on the 12th floor a little earlier! There is also a great selection of restaurants within 10 minutes walking distance. 
12082 Clean and comfortable, friendly staff, helpful approach. 
12083 Expensive, fairly luxurious, staff not as knowledgeable as you'd expect re local restaurants, great having pool for end-of-day relaxation if you are sightseeing with children. 
12084 Hotel elegant, lits tres confortables! Les chambres sont comme les americains les aiment: tres grandes et spacieuses. Le personnel est aimable et toujours pret a vous aider. Surtout, n'oubliez pas d'aller voir un match des Nicks au Madison Square Garden. 
12085 Stay here for the great location, clean and quiet rooms for a great price. Staff was very helpful. Breakfast so-so, and rooms are small but typical for NY. I brought my family and would certainly stay her again. 
12086 We had a lovely time in NYC and the POD Hotel is well placed for sight seeing etc. The hotel is modern, clean and the staff friendly & helpful. I would have no hesitations returning & intend to do so !! 
12087 I stayed at The Alex Hotel for 4 nights for a business trip. The room was excellent - very big, clean and modern. The location is perfect too. 
12088 stayed here a few times. service is excellent. friendly, knowledgeable staff that go out of their way to help, sunny, clean rooms, spacious. pet friendly! they make you feel so comfortable and welcome. would recommend to all of my friends/co-workers 
12089 This hotel has some of the biggest rooms in Manhattan. And its light and clean and under-priced for what you get. Great neighborhood. If they have space, this is where I want to stay in the city. 
12090 We booked a Travelzoo special just before Christmas, and couldn't have enjoyed it more. We got a beautiful large corner room on the 8th floor and had a marvelous 2-night stay. Clean, comfortable, luxurious and surprisingly affordable, the Carlton was a great deal and a great hotel, too! 
12091 This is a nice older hotel. the side of the hotel by the busy street is noisy in the evening and early morning. I was disappointed to not have a refrigerator in the room, usually I have had them n newer Marriott's. Overall it was pretty good. 
12092 Location great - Staff very helpful - Quiet (there was a wedding in the hotel that night) Clean Comfortable Can't wait to go back 
12093 Hip hotel with great friendly staff. AC in our room did not work properly. Management was more than helpful in resolving issue. Hip vibe, very dark hallways, no full length mirror in room. Comfortable beds. Great location.Solid 3 1/2 star hotel. 
12094 We had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The rooms are a little small, but have a great view of the city. The bathrooms are amazing! The staff was extremely attentive and helpful. Couldn't ask for anything more! Also, a great location in the East Village. 
12095 Just rally like the place. It's home for me and just a fe blocks away from where i live. If you want to live in a hotel but never stay in one then this is for you. 
12096 des moquettes qui n'ont plus d'age, du simple vitrage, une odeur de cigarette froide, des peintures qui s'ecaillent... il est temps pour les proprietaires d'investir dans leur hotel. Sinon cet hotel est idealement place pour les amateurs de soho/tribeca. 
12097 Hotel Wellington is gelegen op een prima locatie, 15 minuten lopen naar Times Square en 5 minuten lopen naar Central Park. De kamers zijn netjes en worden goed schoongemaakt. Er is een WiFi mogelijkheid, echter deze is niet gratis. 
12098 Un poco caro para lo que es... Esperaba mas. Muy buena habitacion, hermosa vista, muy bien hubicado. 
12099 Trey And Crystar were two of the most helpfull hotel staff I've come across in New York. 
12100 The hotel is just off Times square and has a lovely feel to it. The rooms are large and the beds comfy. guest service was great, especially the concierge. Would recommend. 
12101 Not bag not great. You get to listen to the guy hacking in the Room next to you all night. Bathroom way too small need to close the door to move around 
12102 Beside the beautiful lobby and a good location this place doesn't offer much. The rooms are clean and reasonable sized but pretty much worn out. The bathrooms need a refurbishment they have standard of the 70's. 
12103 pour info sachez qu'un coup de fil de 30 secondes pour la France vous couteras 21 dollars,et pas d'infos sur ces tarifs dans la chambre,le personel vous indique que c'est comme ca et peut importe,j'ai fait beaucoup d'hotel a NY et celui la ne me revera plus c'est sur... 
12104 Club Quarters is located in Wall Street,close to subway,Battery Park,Smithsonian Museum amd many attractions.V stayed on the 15th floor.I liked the check in-checkout procedure.It was quick and easy.The room was good,tiny but location is important for us.Staff were nice.I recommend this hotel. 
12105 Distressed traveler situation. Very noisy room, windows not suited for airport noise. They did placate me with 5000 Marriott Points, and on next stay upgraded me. Staff was very nice. Just an avg. airport hotel. 
12106 Priceline is more accurate in their ranking. Location is nice. Staff is friendly. Heating system is a slightly loud when it is activated sporadically. 
12107 We stayed for a week and had club level access. This place is just about the best place i have ever stayed. The service, the room, the food, the friendliness...absolutely fantastic. The location couldn't be better. I will never stay anywhere else when we go to New York. 
12108 Cathrina on the front desk was the most helpful person.... 
12109 We stayed here while going to see the Houston Astros. It was clean and comfortable. We had a pleasant stay even though the Astros lost. ;-) 
12110 It was quite a busy Memorial Day 3-day weekend in Chicago. Paradaes, Obama was in town, etc......... I looked forward to coming back to the hotel and relaxing and unwinding. 
12111 of course it's not the most comfortable hotel, but the location is just perfect, and the rooms are (small but) clean, perect for travellers, who just stay in the room for sleeping! nice receptionists! 
12112 We stayed here in February - no complaints. Room was large, clean, and updated. Staff was friendly and the location was great for shopping and restaurants. 
12113 The location is great but that is about it. The rooms are small and the room service is sub par especially for what you are paying. I will never stay here again. 
12114 I am so glad a co-worker told me about this place. I found it clean and quiet. The location absolutely rocks! Definitely staying there again. 
12115 From the super friendly staff to the great location (only 5-10 min walk to Times Square) you cannot go wrong staying at this hotel. Would stay here again in a heartbeat. 
12116 I agree with the other Excellent reviewers: this hotel has a great location, is clean, with friendly staff, and at a good price. I strongly recommend this hotel. 
12117 Very nice hotel, but a little bit expensive. 2 minute walk from Times Square. 
12118 The huge room was a pleasant surprise - double the size of most NYC rooms that are more like closets! Very comfortable also - new furnishings, drapes and carpets and a large flat screen tv. Staff was friendly and helpful. Totally recommend this little gem. 
12119 This hotel is perfect for families. It is apartment style, so you have lots of space and don't have to all stay in the same room. Friendly staff, and very clean. Location is great, three blocks to Rockafeller Center, 11 blocks to Central Park. Would stay here again. 
12120 one of the best locations in NYC, ask for a room with a view. Oner Ayan 
12121 This is a place to crash, nothing more. It isn't even very confortable, or very clean (I mean old carpets and shower curtains, dark narrow halls...). But it's in the heart of Time Square, steps away from everything. You get what you pay for, right?! 
12122 I stay at Marriott properties all the time, this one is exceptional! The resturant downstairs in amazing... Try the chili it's wonderful. The hotel looks like it's been refurbished recently, the rooms are nice and clean. 
12123 Good customer service, great location on the Upper West Side. Room I had was kind of dark, but overall cheerful. 
12124 Posizione centralissima...stanze pulite e molto carine.viste mozzafiato a seconda del piano.noi eravamo al 17.Personale sempre pronto a tendervi la mano x le mance ma cortese e piu o meno rapido.Bella la zona bar ovviamente la posizione e la struttura se la fanno pagare molto molto cara. 
12125 Will definately stay here again, very comfortable hotel with nice staff 
12126 this is accross the street from Penn Station - convenient and easy. The staff were unbelieveably friendly and helpful and this is much appreciated. The room was as described and I was very pleased with it. No Complaints ! 
12127 We stayed there for convenience - it was just a walk to Grand park, where Blues Festival was going on, plus Rich Bayless's Xoco is right next block, as well as Michigan Avenue shops. Outstanding location, very convenient! 
12128 After booking via priceline ($150 per night) and reading several negative reviews I was a bit nervous about this hotel. Fortunately my experience was fantastic. I encountered a very friendly and helpful staff and fabulous room. I would stay here again without hesitation. 
12129 I would stay again, Juanny was very very kind,excellent service! She help us every moment, i really appreciate her atentions 
12130 Fuori dal caos del centro (Times Square). Vicinissimo alla metro. Moltissimi ristoranti in zona (Columbus and Amsterdam av.). Vicinisssimo a Central Park, al museo naturale, met e guggenheim.Stanza pulita e grande. Non fate colazione 
12131 Just stayed at the hotel for 5 days, terrific service and staff, lovely rooms and a location that cannot be beat 
12132 Stayed one night in a king room. Got an upgrade from a queen by a very nice front desk manager. New renovation is beautiful. Had drinks a The Blue Bar which was very BLUE and pricey. The smallest bathroom i have seen but it worked. Would stay or recommend! 
12133 First trip to the Big Apple for us to see a broadway play. This hotel was huge! Service was pretty fast and effecient. Room was what we expected. I'm sure the price was good for the location but it seemed expensive to us! 
12134 I have stayed at the Broadway for two different trips to the city and have had perfect service and accomodations each time. I highly recommend this hotel and will be back. 
12135 Muy Bien Ubicado, muy buen servicio, en resumen un Meridien 
12136 Everything was beautiful. Excellent service, prompt, wonderful food, excellent view, spacious. Slept like a baby. 
12137 The staff is arrogant and the room standard is poor. The only good ting about whitehall is the location, but there are many other hotels in the area. 
12138 All the doors banged shut, the plumbing was very noisey , the walls were paper thin and the noise could be heard from many floors. Good location large rooms. 
12139 What a way to enjoy New York but to stay at a hotel that meets your needs away from home! The staff is exceptional - the beds are so comfortable - the restaurant is so delicious - and if you need something...just ask!!! 
12140 Checked in at hotel, couldn't get my computer going, took it to the desk, they called for help and Greg was very fast at getting my computer up and going..Recommend Greg highly!! 
12141 We had a great experience at the Hampton Inn Manhattan Chelsea. Service was helpful and friendly. The rooms were spacious (for New York), very clean, and quiet. The breakfast that was included offered a wide variety of foods that were nutritious and delicious. 
12142 Beautiful and very plush hotel situated In a great location.Lovely spacious rooms.The only negative aspect about this hotel Is It's overpriced room service,bar and restraunt.I think they have a quite extensive business clientel who are on expenses so they Inflate the prices. 
12143 My four sisters and I, accompanied by another lady, spent five days at the Wolcott during April 2012. We were extremely happy with the cleanliness of rooms as well as the friendliness of the staff. The price was very affordable for the wonderful location. 
12144 Great hotel, great location, lovely staff. The rooms are large by NYC standards and the bathrooms luxurious. The staff were very helpful. We couldn't have asked for better. Would definitely stay here again and will be recommending it to friends. 
12145 Stayed here on a Saturday night for a special night out in NYC. Everything exceeded my expectations! Staff was pleasant and helpful. Hotel was spotless. Convenient location. My room on the 18th Floor was exceptional. Very pleased. 
12146 Great location, great lobby very out dated guest rooms. I was given two separate rooms and both rooms bed linen was soiled, stained. Carpet was messy, looked nasty.... 
12147 My wife and I spent a long weekend here, and were very happy with everything. Dinner at the hotel restaurant was excellent. Would not hesitate to come back. 
12148 Best luxury hotel find for the dollar, bar is a little expensive, but a great pour for the money. 
12149 Great priced hotel in Downtown New York City that doesn't disappoint. Very clean, excellent service, very comfortable bed and modern rooms. A 3 minute walk from Canal Street Subway making it an easy commute just about anywhere in the city and other boroughs 
12150 we stayed 4 nights it was a room with toilet shower etc that i would recommend had a safe good wifi connection in the lobby there was 4 ipads free to use also 
12151 It was very clean bit small but you are hardly in the room 
12152 Booked this hotel for 3 nights in November 2012 and we were delighted with the location the room was lovely the staff were very friendly and most helpful, a haven in this great city, would highly recommend this hotel and it will be 1st choice on our next visit. 
12153 If you want to know what hell is like, then stay in this hotel. Smelly, noisy, bathrooms leaking water, unfriendly personnel, bad and small beds and pillows. If you are lucky they will put you away from the elevators. 
12154 Very convenient for all down activity. We just had breakfast at the hotel and ate out each day. The hotel is large, comfortable and well located. All hotels in this area are expensive. Airport shuttle available. The staff are very helpful in arranging show tickets. 
12155 Where to start. Hair in the sink, sticky carpet, thin pillows, broken security lock on door, broken faucet handle in shower, small number of channels on tv. They did have truck parking and the clerk was pleasent. The hotel needs updating though. It's getting worn out. 
12156 The website photos are obivously fake, the rooms are vile, the "facilities" offered in bathroom and WC are hardly what one would expect for what they charge. The worst place I have ever stayed in. Avoid this dump at all costs!!!! 
12157 Very enjoyable stay. Breath of fresh air in that they care so much about service. 
12158 We had a beautiful room on the 21 st floor, overlooking Navy Pier. The location was great, very quite and we could walk everywhereThe consignee was extremely helpful regarding restaurants and places of interest. 
12159 Great place to stay. Right in Time Square. Rooms are small, but very clean and updated with modern decor. Staff was friendly and efficient. 
12160 Good hotel in a good location. Good rates for the Galleria area. Breakfast was a bit overpriced for what it was. Rooms were nice, comfortable, and made for good nights sleep. Hotel staff was friendly and helpful. 
12161 This Hampton, below average Hampton's good quality, ask for a price that is defenetly too much. Rooms are clean, service not that great. Some time noisy. 
12162 A great hotel in an outstanding location. Just a short walk from both Central Park and Time Square. The rooms are newly renovated and the staff was extraordinary. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is planning a trip to NYC for business or pleasure. 
12163 Es un hotel muy bien situado el lobby esta lindo, pero las habitaciones son chicas y el clset tenia hongospor la humedad.. si hongos como algodon!! no pude dormir bien despues de eso, si fuera limpio seria una buena opcion pero no esta limpio. 
12164 Comfortable and quite for NYC!!! Beautiful hotel, and great location! 
12165 Looking for a nice hotel, that has all the amenities at a reasonable price? Look no further, clean rooms, HD TV, comfortable beds, friendly staff, restaurant & even a great airport shuttle which will take you locations nearby. No negatives at all for the business traveler. 
12166 Great location if you want a quick visit to MoMA before / after meetings. Unbeatable location for art lovers. You can also still get a personal service not like other large hotels. 
12167 My girlfriend and I had a chance to get to Chicago for the July 4th week and we had a blast. The Concierge team of Laurelin and TK were fantastic in helping make our stay that much more enjoyable. When we come back, we aren't staying anywhere else! Thanks!! 
12168 I would say avarege hotel, small Room but huge price (above $200). The only plus - its in the middle of Manhattan so you can walk to Central park or WTC (takes around 40-60 min) 
12169 Centrally located, within blocks of Fifth Avenue and 42nd Street, this hotel combines all the things one would want in a hotel -- Service, ambience and close to shopping, theatre district and Grand Central Station and airport bus. Rates are affordable. 
12170 A good little hotel with friendly staff plus new and very nice location.. 
12171 Both of my laptops were stolen and a new wireless hard drive. There was no forced entry, so either the maid left the door open or she did the deed herself. I am attaching the police report so Trip Advisor knows this is the real deal. 
12172 Stayed here for 2 nights passing through New York. Loved it. Lovely room, very friendly helpful staff and a wonderful breakfast provided by Mamas 2 doors down the street. Would definately stay here again. 
12173 this was a worse hotel i ever ben the room that my boyfriend and i stay over the wekend we were very diapponmet how the rom look it was not worth to stay the walls look bad some people were rude too i do not avised people to stay there 
12174 We stay here often on travels to NYC, even with our 2 young children. Very clean, easy parking & great staff. 
12175 This place has it all,location,service,comfort and an awesome breakfast buffet, what else is there. It's the best of the best. Close to Times Square, but very quiet, large and comfortable rooms, great and helpful service from the front desk. Stay here if you are in New York. 
12176 THis hotel is convenient to the freeway and has a pretty decent continental breakfast. The rooms are spacious and although we were cautioned about the construction noise we did not hear a thing. It could have been that it was Easter weekend? 
12177 Great Hotel, Great Location, Great Service! The staff was there to meet our every need. The location was perfect, a "quite" neighborhood, just a few blocks from Grand Central & Time Square. 
12178 This was an totally awsome motel....everything was very neat and clean. I could not fine one fault in anything....from the food to the service, to the very comfortable beds. We had a very peaceful stay. 
12179 Very nice hotel on a very good location, near Times Square and Subway. Rooms were very clear, comfortable and compact. Free wifi in the rooms made our life much easier. 
12180 On a scale of 1 to 10-- Great location (7), nice clean rooms (7)and excellent staff (9), very helpful, Breakfast was OK (6). Stay - Mar 10-15,2007 booked on line $239.00 nt +taxes. Only a few blocks from Time Square and several Broadway Plays. Will pick this location again. 
12181 I like the fact that the Htoel in in the mall. You don't have to travel far to go shopping especially when Houston Traffic is very hectic. 
12182 Not opulent or flashy, but service is exceptional. Excellent location in mid-town. Good bar, comfortable lobby. A very helpful and friendly staff. 
12183 Excellent location, potentially very good hotel let down by some of the rudest staff I have ever encountered. I wouldn't have been surprised to see the staff wearing Do Not Disturb signs. 
12184 Amazing NYC and great people at the Park Central hotel in NYC. We would like to thank Ellen (at the front desk) for the warm welcome and for making our days so special. Comfortable and large room with nice view, nicely located hotel. Gabriella and Giancarlo from Italy. 
12185 We wanted someplace elegant , sophisticated, and have great service for our 33rd anniversary get away. The staff at the Hotel Sorella provided that. We will certainly stay there again in the future. 
12186 We stayed there for 6 nights at the end of September beginning of October and loved the hotel. Great location, large comfortable room, prompt housekeeping. The negative comments about elevators in other reviews were not warranted. We would definitely stay there again. 
12187 I was absolutely impressed with the hotel. The staff was excellent and the location couldn't be beat!!! If your visiting NYC this is the place to stay.... 
12188 Thanks to Eddie and Ray the bell guys and the rest of the staff we had a great business trip. Flawless bar staff too 
12189 The website is very misleading. Glossy pictures and a nice flash reservations system, are not a true representation of this hotel. The rooms are the worst I have stayed in. They are tiny, dirty and not really fit to keep a dog in. We'll be asking for a refund. 
12190 L'hotel non e' dei piu' moderni (cmq stavano per cominciare lavori di ristrutturazione) ma e' pulito, abbastanza silenzioso e la posizione e' il suo punto di forza!!! Si trova a due passi dalla subway e cmq nel centro di Manahattan. Lo consiglio 
12191 Dirty, dingy and overpriced. I feel sorry for all the tourists they lure to the hotel. You can stay somewhere much nicer for half the price. I will say that the staff tried their best given the conditions. 
12192 Ongelooflijk gaaf hotel midden op Times Square, uitzicht op de neon reclame borden etc. Echt super gaaf 
12193 had a great experience, clean , great customer service... 
12194 My girlfriend and I had a wonderful time celebrating her birthday in Chicago at the W in August. Laurelin provided us with a complimentary bottle of wine and tickets for one of the local bars. Room was big and clean and amenities were plentiful. 
12195 The Waldorf Towers were worth every dollar. The view from the 28th floor was unbelievable. The newly remodeled rooms had all the modern amenities. Service was impeccable. 
12196 Quite small but very cosy hotel. Very good neighborhood with a walking distance to the subway. Takes about five minutes with the subway to Midtown, with Times Square and Empire State Building. Very nice and helpful staff. A five minute walk to lovely Central Park. Would definetly stay here again! 
12197 Stayed at the Hilton Times Square sept 2-3 2005 with my husband and two teenaged sons. The hotel is well located and we would definitely stay there again. We were on the 25th floor facing 41st and found the room to be quiet. Many restaurants, cinemas, shopping steps away. 
12198 Nicely furnished rooms, friendly staff and all expected facilities. Good location, reasonable prices. Rooms a little small though.... In room massage a welcome service. 
12199 Helpful staff. Clean hotel. Room is small but feels big with the decor. Love the hard wood floors feels much cleaner. Bed is comfy and shower is nice. Good location walking distance to everything. Subway a half block. 
12200 Very nice. Excellent service. Large size room for NY. 
12201 Great service- like hom away from home. Have never experieced such a friendly and helpful staff- they went above and beyond the call of duty to make our stay more comfortable. Speaking of which...... the beds! Amazing nights sleep. 
12202 I don't enjoy big chain hotels, so Buckingham was perfect for me. A discreet, boutique hotel that's close to one of my favorite parts of the city. Great security. Wonderful staff. Amazing views. Can't wait to get up there to see the fireworks on the lake this summer! 
12203 Was too dear for what you got, prefered the Wellington Hotel, just a few extra blocks walk. 
12204 --Great location!! --Purchased through Hotwire--excellent value --Nice, clean rooms --Excellent housekeeping service --Front desk and concierge exceed expectations 
12205 Stayed there with one other couple for 6 days. Prompt check in with no troubles. Rooms clean and adequately sized. Only a couple of blocks from Times Square. Surrounded by great night life and restaurants. Would stay here again my next time in Manhattan. 
12206 We love the location of the quiet, sophisticated hotel. The service is excellent. The rooms are immaculate and comfortable with attractive modern decor. It is in an excellent location.I would give it 5 stars. 
12207 Steve, Eugene, the hostess and waiters in the restaurant make us feel at home. The breakfast buffet is a treat. The doormen are friendly and helpful. We have stayed here the last 11 years when attending the Big East men's basketball tounament. 
12208 Steps from time square and the staff were great would defiantly come back 
12209 Very nice rooms, great beds, shower, right by Times Square, but just far away that the crazy crowds aren't right at the front door, making it quiet! Loved our stay... 
12210 Great hotel, comfy big beds, big-screened flat TV, and big bathroom!...All good! 
12211 Imagine Joan Collins today without any makeup or helpful trips to "spas". Peeling hunter green and light pink wallpaper but the location is so super that you almost come to terms with the high price you paid. Staff were helpful and did I mention the location. 
12212 The Allerton is in a great location. Parking is super expensive. Great Restaurants nearby although not in the hotel. If you fancy old style European hotels--ie somewhat dated tiny rooms with minute bathrooms and tiny elevators, then you will love the Allerton. If you don't you won't. Simple as that. 
12213 This was the second time I stayed at this Affinia. The location is wonderful for walking north or south and across to 5th Ave. The big beds are very comfortable and the new bathrooms very stylish. I think Affinia Hotels are a good bet when going to NYC. 
12214 The views are fabulous, the staff was very helpful, and wonderful breakfast included with stay. Will definitely recommend to others and we'll stay here again. 
12215 Very business-friendly and convenient. The restaurant is a bit informal, but OK for those who like informality. Everything works. 
12216 The hotel looks very nice, kind of a boutique hotel. I really loved the soap in the room - leaf shape - and the massage shower. Big rooms, very clean, helpful staff at the reception. Food in the restaurant was not exceptional but still acceptable. 
12217 Very comfortable rooms Delicious Breakfast Next to a Sttarbuck's Cafe Close to Broadway Theaters Near Times Square 
12218 We had a great experience here. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Charles was a great help and the kids loved him. Definately will return..Can't say enough. 
12219 This is our favorite place to stay when we visit Chicago. All of the employees are so friendly and willing to assist you in anyway. Andy is a personal friend and is so professional and runs a well oiled machine Hotel. 
12220 Klein, gezellig hotel. Vlakbij 'restaurant row' en Times Square. Veel leuke restaurants in de buurt voor ontbijt, lunch of diner. Vriendelijk personeel. Kamer is modern. Bed was comfortabel; zacht met donzen dekbed en kussens. De kamervloeren kunnen wat gehorig zijn. 
12221 Its a nice hotel to stay its near everything metro, restaurants, time square , broadway etc... The people working there are very helpful and friendly 
12222 The rooms are good size and include a fridge and micro oven , the beds are comfortable and very clean 
12223 Stylish hotel in a great location for Soho and Tribeca - expensive but cool, though be warned the local party crowd head in at the weekends which we liked - but if you're looking for rest and relaxation this might not be the best spot. 
12224 We stayed for 2 nights on 9/11/2011, busy time in NYC, hotel staff were very friendly, and the location is great. We will come back 
12225 Good price for the room. But it's not four star. Three at a push. But makes up for it because it's cheap. Bad point: music too loud in lobby. Good point: great king size bed 
12226 Always wanted to stay at The Waldorf. Everytime in NYC I wandered its lobby and looked upon its clock, its guests, its personnel. We booked Park Av room, a large and very comfortable room. Classic and technologic. We really enjoyded it! 
12227 Stayed on Business for 3 nights recently. Hotel is old style but nice. Rooms are good size for NYC (all nyc rooms are typically small unless you pay). Gym is also reasonable size. As for location its pretty much as central as you can get. 
12228 This was our second stay at the Benjamin. Warm and attentive staff, from the doormen to the housekeepers. The manager understands his guests and provides the added attention that makes guests feel special. Great bed! 
12229 One minute walk from Times Square, good price, but the building is really run down.Old and outdated furniture, we stayed here twice. First room was bad, but second time was even worse. Mold on the ceiling, nothing but a bed and an old bathroom. 
12230 The home of the 2004 ECFBL Draft will once again host this presitgious event in 2005. We loved the place. The executive suite had plenty of space to accomodate all of our owners. The kitchen was clutch in helping us get through the late rounds. 
12231 I am going back! The hotel was very nice, I loved the decor. The staff was very friendly as well. Denise at the front desk did an amazing job! 
12232 Stayed for 2 nights in June. Found the room to be very comfortable, clean and stylish. Staff were all very pleasant. Hotel bar had a nice atmoshere. Would stay here again. 
12233 Helpful staff, clean decent size room for NYC, great location w/amazing selection of activities and food nearby. Five perfect days in the center of the action. No fancy lobby or in house quality restaurant, but plenty of others nearby. 
12234 Nice hotel in the middle of New York, Manhatten. Fine place for less money. Intercontinental breakfast was very poor. Subway to eat is nearby. And also several sighseeying objects. We stayed a few days and this was okay. We would chose it again. 
12235 Me and my husband stayed here for our honeymoon! They gave us a free upgrade as soon as we arrived which included breakfast! Ideal location, we could not believe how close we were to broadway, times square and central park! Fantastic would highly recommend!! 
12236 This hotel is centrally located, clean and convenient. As long as you get a reasonable daily rate (around USD 135 per night) it has all that you need for business or leisure. The wireless internet connection is free and is relatively quite good. 
12237 Very nice hotel, a little expensive but really great location. Mini bar is super expensive, brunch is fantastic and the spa is beautiful. Love the bar area with the piano. Go and eat at Benjamin steak house 
12238 I was expecting a tiny NY room and was pleasantly surprised. The in room bar/refrigerator didn't work so instead they just brought us what we wanted and didn't charge us! Highly recommended! 
12239 I love the W Times Square. It is in a great location and has all the right amenities. It has a great vibe. 
12240 Rooms are huge. Usually when I stay in NY rooms are pretty tiny, even when you book a suite. Pillow menu was amazing. Concierge managed to get us ticket for the show on short notice. Pretty quite hotel and great location. 
12241 Everything I requested was furnished. The cleaning attendants were fabulous. 
12242 Stayed at hotel for long weekend to see Phillies vs Cubs. Great pool. Close to public transportation. Awesome cookies upon check-in. Chicago is a great town. TV was a bit outdated. 
12243 AC in room makes annoying noise even if turned off. Front desk does not care about customer's taxi request. I had to wait 30 minutes. Room was relatively clean. Bit noisy from the highway outside. Free wifi never worked well inside the room. 
12244 The lobby and bar are very nice. My room was tiny, but clean and modern. I had a view of Lincoln Center. Great location as it is near Lincoln Center, the park, subway, Columbus Circle, Broadway, etc. 
12245 Hotel is netjes verzorgd en ligt heel gunstig t.o.v. Time square en Braoadway. Kamers zijn niet te groot maar verder prima. Wij kregen een upgrade omdat wij vijf nacjten in het hotel verbelven. Dat was erg plezierig. 
12246 Very nice find in downtown Chicago. Great location, great rooms & reasonable! I would definitely stay here again & recommend to friends. Watertower Place/Michigan Ave is just one block away. Close to the lakeshore, too! 
12247 If you dont mind staying in Tiny rooms which are badly lit and cost a fortune, you are in for a treat. great bar and funky public areas (which you can enjoy without being a guest) 
12248 Very pleasant hotel. Very good location. Excelent cleaning. It is not acceptable to have a surcharge for internet access in the room. Wrong and poor information was given at the hotel reception regarding some city attractions. 
12249 Clean functional NYC hotel. Well downtown so along way away from most of attractIons. Room size good and bed comfy. We moved uptown later in our stay and room much smaller. Wifi free in lobby but $9.95 per day in room. 
12250 Stayed Friday and Saturday nights, Location is great, staff friendly courteous, had to call to have maid service at Sat. 6:00 pm. cereal available Sat. am but not Sunday am. I've had better for $400 a night but it is New York... 
12251 Hotel was just ok... a bit of a musty smell but the rooms were nice. The bar staff and especially the Manager of the bar were the rudest inconsiderate people I have ever come across and they definitely should not be working in the public eye ! 
12252 Lovely room with an absolutely outstanding view of the city. Clean and comfortable, staff a delight always willing with helpful advice for a novice in New York! Will definitely stay again. 
12253 Hotel was clean. Great breakfasts! Very knowledgeable staff ! 
12254 Prima kamer, voor NY begrippen ruim. Prima bed, schone, nieuwe badkamer. Perfecte locatie in China Town, aan de rand van Little Italy. Dicht bij subway lijnen die zowel heel Manhattan bestrijken als richting JFK gaan. Zeer servicegerichte staff. 
12255 My wife and I stayed here from July 30 to August 3rd, 2009. We had an amazing time in NYC and the hotel was located in a wonderful spot right off of times square. I would stay there again in a heartbeat. 
12256 Stayed at this hotel one night for Business after four nights at the Hilton NY with my family. Interesting contrast. This hotel is quite old but a very well done boutique type hotel, with a smaller well appointed room. Very friendly staff and a good Midtown location. 
12257 Excellent service and great room with a full kitchenette- microwave and fridge. Great central location. Room was nice and big and bed comfy! 
12258 Excellent location, friendly staff, lots of eating places nearby. Shows its age but a little makeup should suffice. Great rates for the Big Apple. 
12259 Very good for the money. Old but very clean. I would stay there again. 
12260 Very recomended, Great managment, nice people very clean hotel, I will sure to come back!!! great rooms!! 
12261 The rooms are large, ok, but the hotel is directly next to a highway and the windows do not shut completely as well as there was a vending and ice machine right in front of my door, so I could not really sleep very well... Breakfast is really minimum... 
12262 The rooms were nice with the exception of the old appliances in the kitchen. The service was pretty good, however I requested a wake up call which I never received, which made us late for an appointment we had. 
12263 I enjoyed my recent visit to Chicago thanks to the outstanding accomodations provided by the Westin Chicago River West. The rooms were clean and confortable, and the staff were very helpful and friendly. Special thanks to their great coincerage Diane. She helped us with dining, travel and entertainment. 
12264 This hotel offers excellent service, location is exceptional 5th and Madison Avenues to the left and Broadway/Time square to the right. Wonderful cooked breakfast made to order and attentive, willing staff front concierge to restaurant. Free internet access in the Lobby a bonus. I would definitely stay here again 
12265 Can't get much better for the price you pay. The location is perfect, the staff are lovely and the rooms are full of character, clean and a reasonable size. 
12266 Fantastic hotel, right in the centre of New YOrk. Very modern look, great food & great gym, rooms are big and fully equipped! Fantastic stay! 
12267 This hotel is in a great spot for broadway shows! The room was a bit small but decorated nicely and clean. The service was okay, too. I would recommend this hotel especially if you plan on walking to Times Squares and the shows. 
12268 Perfect location for a fun romantic weekend. Room was nice with a great shower. It would have been nice to have free internet. 
12269 great experience -was prepared for the smaller room (it is New york) but it was so luxurious and comfortable -from the moment you enter the hotel attention to detail -great location named perfectly 
12270 Zeer goede ligging, ideaal beloopbaar naar o.a. Times Square etc.............. Zeker aan te raden, zou nooit in de drukte van Times Square willen slapen, dit hotel is ideaal gelegen. Metro goed beloopbaar, Columbus Circle. 
12271 Had a great stay here after obtaining wonderful rates through priceline last minute. Our room was small, but super clean and modern. Just want you would want for a stay in the Big Apple. Bar & Amenities hip. Nice lobby decor. Overall, a great choice, in a great location. 
12272 I've stayed at this Hyatt property several times and this was the best visit. I arrived after mid-night and found Jason at the front desk. He was very friendly, professional, efficient and took great care of me. Thanks Jason for a job well done! 
12273 Walking distance from all parks and museum. Summer nights concerts in the park just across the street. Older building but the rooms are clean and up to date. View was great and the concierge service was awesome. Employees are eager to help and are very nice. 
12274 This hotel is very well located ! Breakfast is nice...Bedroom are very quiet. 
12275 Reviews talk about the renovation. They must have missed my room. A/C is still extremely loud. Akea would be a huge upgrade. Wifi is snails pace. Great location. Near all of the high class hotels. Not what I expected given the price. 
12276 An urban oasis on the upper east side. Nearby restaurants museums and shops provide plenty of places to spend time and money. Accommodating staff who go out of their way to be nice. The bar is a great place to cool off on a sizzling summer day. 
12277 Excellent location, easy to walk to (even with luggage!) from Grand Central Station. A 24-hour store next door, which was a nice convenience. We arrived early and were given a room. Staff was helpful, friendly and courteous. A good experience. 
12278 This was a great hotel with great location and service especially from Eden (Concierge). The Acura experience was a bonus. They took us everywhere. I would recommend this hotel. 
12279 So very happy we stayed here. Near Grand Central Station. Loved everything about this hotel. Looking forward to staying here. The views of the Empire State/Chrysler are great! Friendly and helpful staff 
12280 I stayed there twice in May and both visits were great. booked it through Plat Amex and got lots of perks - breakfast, room upgrade, etc. Guest services dept is very helpful. Wonderful breakfast. 
12281 Location is fantastic, room was great and very comfortable bed. The rooms are extremely cleaned. Staff is exceptional friendly and efficient. The food is great, would definitely book again. 
12282 Great location, room was clean, cozy and modern. Free bottled water and internet. Parking was close. 
12283 Arrived and my deluxe room not available. Front desk have an attitude problem. No ones room was ready even when they were arriving late afternoon/early evening. there are some great hotels in NY for this price, id stay in one that makes you geel welcome.... 
12284 I found the Comfort Inn Lower East Side very accommodating, safe and the crepes across the street are to die for! 
12285 Really a full suite with everything you need to cater for yourself contained in your room. They run a small shop that's open 24 hours. Eat in, take out an delivery options available in the area, as well as groceries, so it's easy to manage everything yourself. 
12286 Room was big and spacious for NYC. Location was "off the beaten path" 40th and 1st ave. The rooms were very dated, they need an update. The light switches were disgusting dirty filled with crud! Heater was noisy. The one thing positive was the staff was great! 
12287 great hotel and location. Right across from the NY Public library and Bryant Park. 
12288 Nice and clean hotel. My room nicely renovated with a big bathroom and street view. Well located. Friendly people at the front desk. I'll stay again. 
12289 HOTEL TRES CORRECT - CHAMBRE POUR 4 DE BONNE TAILLE - ACCUEIL AGREABLE - LE SEUL INCONVENIENT SONT LES ENVIRONS - QUARTIER CHINATOWN , QUI NECESSITE DE FAIRE ABSTRACTION DES ODEURS - ET LE PONT TRES BRUYANT A PROXIMITE ! 
12290 A modern hotel for youngsters and the location is good, the rooms are tiny but the designs are great! If you prefer a good view of the city, the Premium View Cabin is your choice. The 4 is a great place for relaxing except weekend evenings. 
12291 No vending machines, limited hours for the restaurant and room service. Go to the grocery store before heading up to your room because if you get hungry in the middle of the night, you won't get any help in the hotel. 
12292 Go the room through Priceline. Staff was pleasant. The room was small. Space for only one person to walk between bed and tv. 
12293 This is good hotel if you want to party all night, because it's too noisy to get much sleep. 
12294 Good location for downtown Houston. Five minute walk to convention center. 
12295 Rooms are small, but clean. Prices are reasonable and it is near the subway. Elevator is small and slow. A reasonable choice for the budget minded. 
12296 It was an great experience, excellent locations, staff is nice, I would stay again for sure Andreia- Rio Claro-Brazil 
12297 I booked one night in the roger as I couldn't find a room in the city. This was an excellent surprise. the room was small but very confortable, clean and cozy. and also extremely quite which is not usual in New York. Overall a very good surprise. 
12298 The staff actually lies to you. If you request something they say yes and then do nothing about it. All the staff if uptight and obnoxious. The hotel is dirty and there were creatures walking around in the night. 
12299 recently went with my 3 kids and thanks to this hotel , trip was perfect.. stayed in a family suite that was 2 queen beds and bunk beds.. great size room, Huge shower.. had buffet breakfast each morning that was very good, staff was SOOOOO friendly.. Perfect 
12300 ottima posizione, fermata metropolitana a due passi.camera esseziale,confortevole e pulita,purtroppo condizionatore vecchio e rumoroso.Personale alla reception non molto loquace,ma gentile e disponibile,pur non parlando in italiano e noi un inglese non eccezionale,ci e' sempre stato di aiuto.sala colazione un po' piccola rispetto al numero degli ospiti,colazione non male. 
12301 The location of this place is great. The service is really outstanding. The restaurant is closed, but is open for a continental breakfast, a very special touch in NYC. The front desk staff couldn't have been more pleasant. The room was great. It was contemporary and comfortable. 
12302 very stylish hotel * perfect location * friendly staff * free lavazza-coffee and w-lan * big tv-screen with a lot of chanels * bed with interessing features * party if you want to... 
12303 Just one work - Fantastic Hotel perfect location next to Westin on Lex and 50th. Great staff a hidden Gem in New York, We had 1401 a suite for 280 $ per night Westin was 650$ for a normal room. 
12304 Just returned from 3 nights at The Belvedere Hotel in NYC. Have stayed there many times, and the hotel is still a gold mine of a find in The Big Apple. Great location, near subway, Times Square, Broadway - you can walk to many major sites.Friendly staff as well! 
12305 Clearly, one chap at recpetion at 8pm, what a bummer! The chap excused himself many times for waiting, but still, its a total shamble fr running a place like that. Its just much to expensive, wornout rooms and old furniture. i wil lnot go back 
12306 We had a very enjoyable 4 night stay at the Belvedere. We found the staff pleasant and helpful. The rooms were simple but well appointed with all necessities. The fridge is a great convenience, especially during the heat wave NY was suffering through when we were there. 
12307 The hotel staff are extremely friendly. The rooms were impeccable and the location couldn't have been better - the rooftop bar with views of the Empire State Building was a perfect place to relax after a busy day walking round the city! 
12308 I guess from New York standards and prices it was okay. The Continental Breakfast was not too bad, but the front desk staff was not too helpful at times. Good location, but I wouldn't stay there again if I could help it. 
12309 I ordered this hotel for me, my husband and our friends. We slept in nice big rooms with kitchen and nice view on Chrysler Building. We spent here nice 4 days. Rooms were clean, nice, staff very helpfull. Location - the best. 
12310 Awesome place to stay. The extremely modern hotel, the rooftop bar over looking the 9/11 memorial, and quick access to the subway made this a very enjoyable stay. 
12311 The location at Columbus circle is just perfect. Our suite was overlooking the Central Park. 
12312 The room was very small but cosi. everything was optimize with all the essential. the price was very nice for the location. 
12313 Could not have asked for a better stay. The rooms were impeccable (and of course, exceedingly stylish), the views were breathtaking and the service was perfect. Also walking distance to scores of amazing restaurants and bars. Highly recommended! 
12314 I have stayed here twice and I love this hotel. I like the modern day look it has as well as the convenience to everything within the city. I even have my friends that met me there compliment the hotel. I will be back soon! 
12315 Was a great experience as usual with La Quinta. Have stayed many times while traveling for work & pleasure. Employees are very friendly & curtious. Rooms are always fantastic. No complaints of any nature. 
12316 I was attending a programme at the UN which is less than a 5 minutes walk away. Nice and courteous staff. You can get a lot of freebies here, so just ask! 
12317 Pluspunten: goeie bedden, mooie moderne kamers, goeie ligging, goede verbinding openbaar vervoer, behulpzaam aan de receptie, gratis koffie/thee 's morgens Negatief: slechte douche, heel weinig plaats in de kamer en badkamer (zowel om te bewegen als om bagage te zetten), wifi verbinding was niet sterk genoeg 
12318 carino abbastanza nuovo pulito eravamo al 4 piano e si sente abbastanza la caldaia in mezzo al palazzo-ma una volta addormentati si dorme bene-dopo tutto quello che si cammina-magari e meglio dormire su un piano piu alto- pero siam stati molto bene comunque 
12319 No words, except.... fantastic, fantastic, fantastic !!! Perfect for City sightseeing. 
12320 Minimalistic rooms a la W chain.... Beautiful lobby with aquarium, nice breakfast in attached bistro, very clean, great location... Would stay there again for sure... 
12321 Perfect location with perfect value! Walking distance to Navy Pier. Just one block away from Michigan ave. 
12322 We tend to prefer smaller hotels but for a variety of reasons ended up selecting Le Parker and what a great experience. Rooms fresh -- staff great -- easy welcoming place to call home for a few days. 
12323 Forget high prices in NYC. Stay at this hotel and you will have a great stay, breakfast and you will be centrally located. Staff is very helpful too. 
12324 It is nothing amazing, but enjoyable when stayin in new york 
12325 Fabulous hotel with exceptional staff. Rooms are larger than most NY City hotel rooms. Concierge very helpful. 
12326 Wonderful place and great staff! Treated me and my daughter to a great get away. Clean, safe and very nice place. Coffee and tea, snacks, breakfast - all over the top. We will stay here on all our return trips. Customer service is the key and they provide it. Enjoy! 
12327 great hotel!service was great, rooms were clean,had a big screen t.v 2 massive double beds! spacious and was very near to all the main tourists locations, staff were very helpfull! had a great stay and will definatly be coming bk! :) 
12328 Only paid $89 a night in December! Great value, clean comfortable room, friendly staff, free internet access, small gym ( not that we used it) and a continental breakfast ( delicious fresh donuts!). Close to subway, ESB and Macys. Can't fault it! 
12329 We were pleasantly surprised with the Belvedere. The price was great, our room was clean, the staff was friendly and accommodating and the location was perfect. 
12330 Friendly check in. Friendly bellman.Friendly cleaning staff. Friendly bartenders. Everyone has a hello for you. Love the location. I will stay there again and again. Michael Jordan's restaurant is in the same building and had a 16 ounce, 48 day dry rub rib eye steak that is fantastic. 
12331 Great stay! CloseGreat Stay to everything on Time Square. Would recommend! 
12332 The public areas are the highlight of this hotel. The reception area was always alive with check-ins and check-outs irrespective of the hour of the night or the day! The rooms per se are small, basic and uninteresting. But overall, its a good business hotel by NYC standards. 
12333 The room was amazing, all mod cons, comfy bed, lovely bathroom. Service was great and the hotel was excellent value. Close to 5th avenue and the sites. Would definitely stay again. 
12334 Great location, one minute walk to Undreground, 10 minutes ride from Manhattan. Free WIFI works perfect in lobby. Would stay there again! 
12335 A hotel in a good location with friendly staff, good restaurants and facilities which cant do enough to help their residents. 
12336 Big rooms (considering the NY average), clean, quiet and near all that matters in Midtown. 
12337 stayed 2 nights for a conference people at the desk were very helpful suite very nice/housekeeping excellent my email contact with the general manager,sofia, before coming was very positive did not eat in the restaurant as there are great restaurants surrounding the hotel location perfect location--plan to return 
12338 I had a fantastic stay at the W - the service was amazingly friendly and the room was stylish and comfortable. Highly recommended! 
12339 This hotel was very central, just by the route for the hop on hop off bus for touristy bits. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Yes the room was small, but it was more than enough for what we needed. I would recommend staying here 
12340 All the things one would expect from a well run hotel came together. Quick check in to a clean room and efficient check out. Staff was excellent with directions and the doormen (no doorwomen) were helpfull. 
12341 Great hotel! Classy decor and our room was nice and clean. One of our best hotel staff experiences in NYC. The guys at the front desk along with the bartender and cocktail waitress at the roof top bar were terrific. Ted and Sarah 
12342 Just stayed one night at this hotel yesterday and loved it! The bed is very comfortable and the concierge level was very nice. I thought I lost my college ring, notified the front desk upon checkout and they followed up with an email before I arrived home. Again, great hotel!! 
12343 This hotel is well placed to all great things in NYC. Subway is near by. Times Square is only a few blocks. Great shopping and restaurants near. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Would absolutely recommend this place and would stay here again. 
12344 The limited number of rooms makes the hotel nice, friendly and personal. Good service from all staff, restaurant food was good and nice atmosphere in the bar. Room clean, modern and tasteful, bathroom very nice. What else can I say just a great all-round stay. 
12345 Seriously, the concierges at the Sheraton New York are lazy. Only if they ascertain that they stand to make money in providing assistance to you will they pay attention to your needs. Otherwise, they send you packing to the New York City Information Center which is located across the street. 
12346 Nice, but the elevator was painfully slow - and crowded. No concierge on duty on a Sunday. 
12347 Spent a three day weekend in Manhattan. The rooms are very nice, especially for NYC. Nice bathroom & nice shower with plush linens. The staff are very friendly. It's a great location and would definitely return to this hotel again! 
12348 Convenient price (for 8 days across the new years' eve) and conveniently located, 10 minutes on foot from the subway. Beautiful view on the Queensboro bridge from the rooftop restaurant. Very comfortable bed, also for the room. The heat was a but noisy. Good cleanliness. 
12349 the finest of the fine! Luxury, location and service! We find it difficult for any other hotel to match its standards. 
12350 Suite was fine, but the room was noisy and cold/drafty (our stay was in late October) 
12351 the location is good, but if you're planning on spending lots of time in your room, and resting peacefully for a good night's sleep, think about other options. 
12352 Buono solo per posizione (West Side), e per brevi pernottamenti. buon prezzo, ma camere fatiscenti e personale un po' scorbutico. 
12353 me gusto mucho el hotel, claro sus detalles con el hielo, muy comodas las camas, las recamaras grandes, canales locales, el clima perfecto, el bano limpio, lo recomiendo sin dudas.....y vale cada dollar que te cobran. 
12354 This hotel is in a great location, the rooms are great the staff are friendly & helpful. If I return to New York I will deffinately be staying here again. Fantastic hotel & great value for money. 
12355 Perfect place: large and comfortable rooms very good service large in-room desk - great for business travel great gym The only minus is that there isn't really a lobby where you can sit for a coffee. 
12356 very comfortable room. very comfortable for 3 people with the loft. 
12357 Had a very relaxing stay, very nice and helpful staff. Will defnitely visit again. Thank you. 
12358 Good price, good location, good service, very pleased. Only problem was a 45 minute wait to get linens in the evening. Otherwise, everything was very good. Rooms are well decorated and charasterically small as is common in NYC. 
12359 Amazing location (across from 30 Rock) at a cheap price. But don't expect a room larger than your bed. Nice staff, zero amenities. 
12360 Small hotel with basic comfort rooms (good firm bed, table, chair, closet, quite calm, no hairdryer) and shared restrooms. Extremely clean and so the shared bathroom option is no disadvantage! The concierges are very kind and there is free coffee in the morning. 
12361 It is hard to beat the Ritz Carlton in New York. The size of the standard rooms are almost double compared to the overage NY City hotel. The staff are efficient and friendly and the service very good. 
12362 Friendly staff, nice rooms, great location. I'd only recommend that you try to get a room other than the one next to the service elevator. But boy, you really can't beat the location and friendly, knowledgeable staff, like Anna. 
12363 Stylish hotel, good location, very comfortable beds, perfectly clean. Only reservation was the room safe, which after several attempts at fixing, remained broken for the duration of our stay. 
12364 Basic but new and clean rooms. Great rates and very friendly staff. I love this hotel as it is dependably good! Two things though: 1) No hair conditioner 2) Bring earplugs because the construction on the WTC Memorial can be heard throughout the night (literally the entire night) 
12365 Not sure when they last remodeled this hotel, but they did a very good job. Rooms are quiet and have great features: dimmed lighting, comfy bed, nice shower, etc. Location on Michigan Ave. couldn't be better. 
12366 gorgeous room on corner of building, excellent views, massive and over-comfortable bed!! front desk staff extremely pleasant and helpful ( as HiltonHonours guests, we were upgraded immediately). perfect for everything in new york. everything on your doorstep. would definitely stay again. 
12367 Never again. Room smelled so bad. No more complimentary coffee in the morning. They have the guts to charge for wifi for rooms at $400 a night!! And no more wifi in lobby. Flatotel went cheap cheap cheap. Good bye forever. 
12368 Lovely hotel with very comfortable rooms with great bar and restaurants on site and a superb pool. The staff were excellent and very attentive but be warned you have to pay to use the gym which is the only negative point about the hotel 
12369 Prachtige entree, vriendelijk personeel. Zelfs behulpzaam. Heerlijke bedden. Te gezellige bar (!) Ontbijt was heel erg duur, maar op iedere hoek vd straat kun je heel goed ontbijten. Ik kom hier zeker terug. 
12370 Zentral gelegenes Hotel. Sehr sauber und freundliches Personal 
12371 Beliggenheten ved Penn Station gir rask togforbindelse til/fra flyplassene - og til undergrunnssystemet. Kort vei til handlegater og severdigheter, og et kvarters joggetur til Central Park for den som vil trimme. Greie rom, betjeningen er hyggelig og veldig service-innstilt. Et godt valg ! 
12372 Large rooms, friendly staff, good restaurant. A bit out of the way, but actually it's just a 20-minute walk to midtown. Might be noisy if the room faces 11th avenue. Recommended nevertheless, especially if you can find good rates. 
12373 Lovely dining and accommodations, hospitable and friendly staff. 
12374 Good location and good hardware, but rude staff, poor food & beverage facilities and very expensive WI-FI. Improvable. 
12375 Very clean hotel with a great staff. Norma's is a very good hotel restaurant and you just can't beat the Burger Joint behind the velvet curtain. 
12376 Wonderful hotel, Clean, bright, warm and so welcoming. Brilliant location on 31st street just on the corner of 5th Avenue. So central. Near to shopping on 34thst and in the middle of Manhattan. Rooms very spacious and big. Triple room has three beds and really comfy. Would def recommend. 
12377 There is a wonderful European feel as you approach Gild Hall. The location is private and serene midst busy avenues all around. Cozy, artistic, thoughtful - sure to please the creative side of you as well as the sophisticated and structured desire as well. 
12378 We stayed at this hotel during the entire first week of June, 2006. It is in a very good location of Manhattan, close to everything, including the main Subway 6 line. Restaurants galore in the area. Lots to do! The free breakfast every morning was GREAT!! Stay here!!!! 
12379 This hotel is a great find. The rooms are spacious (by Manhattan standards) and clean, the linens and furnishings are high quality, and the common areas contain interesting artwork. Also, a great location on the East Side. 
12380 First time staying here although had been on the radar. Very friendly and accommodating staff. stay on the upper floors if possible , had a large terrace. 
12381 This hotel is absolutely spectacular. The rooms are very spacious. Bedding and actual beds are a little piece of Heaven. Absolutely the best hotel I have ever stayed while visiting NY. Service and staff were available for whatever was needed. 
12382 Excellent hotel - Price / quality with breakfast included- Easy to access & navigate from there cause close to 3 major metro lines - Very quiet area during the night - behind a little street where pubs and good restaurants have great "terasses" 
12383 very lively every evening. 
12384 We stayed here for 5 nights and were very happy with this hotel. The room, while a bit small, was comfortable. What we valued most was the prime location and the surprisingly reasonable price. Breakfast was average. We will stay here again when we return to NYC. 
12385 Ottimo punto di partenza per iniziare l'esplorazione di New York, a due passi dalla stazione della Subway di Times Square e con vista sulla piazza medesima. Insomma un must per chi pianifica una vacanza da quelle parti, assolutamente da consigliare e da scegliere nuovamente per altri soggiorni 
12386 We had one week stay at this charming hotel in the middle of everything. With two teenagers it was perfect with a huge deluxe suite. Very welcoming and friendly staff. A perfect place if you want to walk, shop and explore this wonderful city. 
12387 There are nicer, cheaper rooms available at different hotels in the neighboring area. For the rates that they charged per night, I would have expected much nicer rooms. 
12388 Found the hotel to be very clean, staff quite friendly and well situated. Only complaint is the charge for in room Internet service. Why every mid price brand hotel gives service for free and upscale hotels persist on charging for something that is a necessity and not luxury is Rediculous! 
12389 Just got back from our 1st visit to NY. Hotel was clean and ideal location and we found the staff to be friendly. Matthew the doorman was very friendly and helpful. Looking forward to our next trip to NY and another stay at the Metro. 
12390 Camera molto ampia e spaziosa con cucina per prepararsi la colazione.Pulito e ordinato.Zona tranquilla e non caotica.A 10 min a piedi da Time Square, 5 dalla 5th Av. Personale davvero gentile, disponibile ed accogliente. 
12391 El Hotel situado en forma privilegiada, a 20 mts de la estacion del metro que te lleva facilmente al centro al aeropuerto etc etc El personal muy amable la Limpieza buena El area segura los colchones te permiten descansar comodamente El costo casi aceptable 
12392 Great location, great value, clean, have all the basic services you need + special perks (FREE parking in NYC!), staff is very nice and accomedating. My first choice in NYC. 
12393 Prima hotel op een toplokatie, slechts 100 meter van Times Square. Kamer een beetje aan de kleine kant, maar verder wel netjes en schoon. Ook de diner van het hotel is een aanrader om 's ochtends te ontbijten. Aanbevolen hotel! 
12394 We like the location, but this hotel needs upgrades. From the toilet that wouldnt flush to the $100 cocktails in the bar, this place is a rip off. We were not impressed and will not stay here again. 
12395 My room was falling apart with defective outlets and ancient furniture. Flat screen but no high def. Website pics are very deceptive. The pool is not that nice... 
12396 we paid a little extra to get an executive king room... was not worth it at all 
12397 This was a converted apartment or condo building. It has very large rooms and bath for a NYC hotel. Located above Times Square near great restaurants, Theater, Central Park and many attractions. You can walk to everything. 
12398 very old building, nice people. far away from everything, rooms are quiet. but needs some paint all the building. the pool didnt have water. the restaurant es far from the main building. most of the people speak spanish and English. 
12399 The floors have not seen a vacuum cleaner for years, the garbage bin is overfull and the coffee machine still had the filter of the previous guest in. 
12400 Good location downtown. Rooms adequate but not extremely special. Staff very polite. Only compliant was the price. Somewhat high for the quality offered. The morning delivery of some coffee and juices and bagels was a nice touch. The area is convenient for the business district places to visit. 
12401 This hotel is the perfect base to see the wonders of NYC. Room was an excellent size and very clean. Staff were poilte and helpful. had a great time, would definetly stay there again. 
12402 Attended a wedding at the hotel and stayed there.Town car shuttled you to Galleria Mall for shopping and it was very convenient 
12403 Xlnt place to stay. Very friendly and helpful staff. The rooms are very modern and comfortable, and the location can't be beat 
12404 Sentralt plassert med gangavstand til Central Park, Empaire State, Time Square m.m. Fine rom, trivelig bar og lobby. Bra belldesk. Rimelige priser. 
12405 This is a almost brand new hotel at the nice location. It is a couple of blocks away from Times Square. The subway station is right next to the hotel. The room is large per New York std and very modern.Most of staff are friendly and helpful. 
12406 The hotel was clean, in a good location, and though small, updated and modern. The bed was very comfortable, the bathroom was well maintained, and there was even a flat screen. For the money, I would certainly stay there again. 
12407 Stayed at the Michelangelo for our 1st anniversary and were quite pleased with the overall experience. Walking distance to all the theaters! 
12408 Good clean hotel with a subway entrance 20 feet away. Rooms are smallish when you first walk in, but they are very practical and you can move about easily. Was initially worried about the noise from the traffic down below, but it proved not to be a problem. 
12409 The hotel is well located to both metro stations (including the E line to the airport) and attractions. The room is small but adequate even for a business traveller. Overll the rooms and the hotel are well decorated. The downstairs bar is inexpensive and pleasant. 
12410 I had one of the renovated rooms, which was small and had no view, but the bed was great. i slept so well. the bed, the sheets, the pillows; all fabulous. the location is great, very well-located. 
12411 Really not a high end hotel ; rooms are small and old fashionned, very poor service, desorganized. Unable to transfer a call coming from outside. Small and disapointing swiming pool... for a very high end price 
12412 We were on our way home from WI and had tickets to a Cubs game, the Majestic location was four blocks from WRigley field. Quiet residential neighborhood, clean, comfortable, great breakfast offerings and very helpful, pleasant staff. 
12413 Stayed one night in June 07. Nothing spectacular. Front desk staff was not too friendly. Rooms had frig and microwave. Just a basic motel.....no frills. Had a good night's sleep. Parking area is not big enough....one way in, one way out. Price was right. 
12414 This hotel is small but it is really all you need. We visited NYC for 2 nights and if you are spending a lot of time in your room, you are not enjoying New York! 
12415 Cool place with a nice vibe to it. Small basic room, but with everything you need. I was quit busy when I was there, but didn't even one time have to wait for the toilet or shower. Great location, good price and I would for sure stay again. 
12416 We came in expecting it to be in the middle of nowhere, but the location was just perfect near two subway lines, fab shopping and dinning. The service staff was super nice and attentive and the rooms were the right size. A grear deal for the price 
12417 This hotel is a great deal. It was clean, warm, comfortable, great service, location is wonderful. 
12418 Maids carts are spread all over the hallways. Not worth the expensive price you pay! 
12419 Room nicely appointed and clean, small, but this is NYC. Had problem with phone and safe, they fixed right away. Great rate for NY although this was Feb. Bellboy very helpful and nice. Walked to theater district. Enjoyed Patzeria pizza. 
12420 Very clean. Got an upgrade because out room wasn't ready when we got there. Loved that it wasn't in a too busy neighborhood. Liked it so much that i'm going back there this year. 
12421 My family and I had a wonderful stay at this location. First time at a LaQuinta and will definitely will stay again! We loved the breakfast and that is was convenient to the wedding venue. We were able to check in early and prepare for all of the wedding activities. 
12422 Great hotel for travelling families. Agree with all previous compliments. were upgraded to suite with lousy sofa bed. 
12423 Stayed at the King & Grove end of June 2012, after reading some earlier reports I wonder what some people expect, OK the room was quite small but we were only there to sleep, it was clean, the reception was good. Overall a great stay at a agreat hotel 
12424 I stayed at this hotel with my husband and my 3 year old daughter. It's a very new hotel, with friendly staff and well located. For brazilians it's very good, because there are a lot of brazilian employees there that can give us a lot of tips. 
12425 I had to check in early for this hotel and they were very accommodating. So convenient to Penn Station and felt safe even walking the two blocks at midnight. Would stay here again. Well-priced for the neighborhood. Close to garment district and a short walk to Macy's. 
12426 Das Park Central hat eine sehr gute Lage. Das Hotel ist ein reines Touristenhotel, leider wirkt es dadurch auch abgewohnt, da nicht viel in die Renovierung der Zimmer gesteckt wird. Aber wenn man nicht zuviel erwartet ist es der ideale Ausgangspunkt um NY zu entdecken. 
12427 We have spent the Easter with our 9 year old daughter , location is great, no problem on comuting to anywhere , lots of deli's around depends what u pay but overall good value for money 
12428 Found this hotel to be fantastic for our stay in New York city. Loved the kitchenette part of room. Comfortable room Lovely rooftop bar 
12429 Great bar/restaurant. Friendly staff Absolutely no complaints. Great location on Lexington avenue 
12430 WHile most NY hotel rooms are small (and this is no exception), the hotel was immaculately clean, location was first rate and the staff was friendly and helpful. I will have no problem staying here again. 
12431 we had an excellent stay, were upgraded to a suite, it was huge, with views of the empire state building, an excellent location, very central the staff were all really helpfull and friendly, we will go back 
12432 Great location in chealsea. Nice sized rooms, very clean. Lots of stations on TV, over a hundred which is rare for a hotel. Staff was very nice and helpful. The best part is the price, under 150 for the night. 
12433 Had a great time at the SpringHill in Chicago. This is not the first time I stayed there and I will come back many more times. The people are very friendly and the hotel is VERY clean. It's near great places to eat and visit. 
12434 This hotel was lovely. Huge spacious rooms with a kitchen area, Aveda products in the bathroom too. This hotel was in awesome location, couldnt wish for better. The staff were really helpful and polite and nothing was too much trouble. Would recommend this hotel and would love to stay again. 
12435 Good place to stay with regards to location, value, and cleanliness. I would not hesitate to stay there again. 
12436 Had a good time here. The room was too hot but that's better than being too cold I guess. Great location over the road from the park and near the subway. Recommended. 
12437 This hotel is in a great spot for touring around NYC and Times Sq. The rooms were large and spacious and you could pop in to freshen up after a long day of touring NYC. It is close to subway entrances and lots of restaurants are nearby. 
12438 Clean, cozy (small), quiet, toasty warm on a chilly night, cable, and very affordable. 
12439 Just stayed at this hotel in Chicago. Fabulous local, clean and great value. Just a few steps from the Magnificient mile also super friendly staff. 
12440 Friendly, clean, quiet, lovely, convenient. Great NY Hotel. Very convenient to subway. 
12441 Would definetly stay again. Only complaints are the pillows are very uncomfortable and lumpy and could not get extra set of sheets although I had asked for three days in a row. 
12442 Great hotel, friendly staff, amazing rooftop bar, chic lobby bar. Certainly a preference over Mercer. 
12443 The cleaning lady on the 8th floor between August 8th to August 14th was outstanding. Her name is Ayee Ramdeo. She couldn't have done enough for us. We had 3 rooms and she was always there if we needed something. 
12444 Great location, 1 block from 5th Ave shops, 1 1/2 blocks from Times Square. Friendly staff and nice bar. Room a good size, spotlessly clean. Not cheap, but got quite a good deal through booking.com. Would definately stay here again. 
12445 Very modern decor. Nice quiet rooms with comfortable beds. Centrally located. Close to shopping, good restaurants, and the theatre. 
12446 Fantastic hotel. Very clean and spacious room, attractive lobby, very friendly staff. Will definitely stay again. 
12447 For a family of 3 or 4 this is the place. Kitchen and separate LR. Will be back! 
12448 Stayed for a business night in Dec, 2011, delightful small hotel, but no real lobby to speak of, no room service until 7am (disaster for coffee addicts like me), elevators slower than walking the stairs. But charm abounds, location good, price right, and restaurant superb. 
12449 It is a nice hotel, great location. My parents, my daughter and myselft booked a room with sofa bed, room is not that big but it is clean and bathroom is clean too. the complementary breakfast is very good too. i would stay there again! 
12450 This hotel is a gem on 5th Avenue, i felt so special. I would absolutely recommend that you treat yourself to a night in this great hotel. 
12451 I just stayed for one night - had a great room to crash after a party. I wish I could have stayed longer. The standard room was HUGE - especially by NYC standards, the bed was so comfy, nice chairs, couch, TV, Ipod, bathroom was huge. Well done! 
12452 We stayed there after a business meeting. wonderful place to stay at, free parking, just minutes from Navy Pier and the museum's campus, largest bath tub Ive ever seen really clean rooms. Could not have asked for nicer staff Loved every minute there. 
12453 We stayed here after a long flight and United lost our baggage. it was convenient- right on site at O'Hare- you can even walk! The beds were comfortable and the room was exceptionally clean! Check in was a little long but overall we were satisfied! 
12454 Excellent location, cleanliness and helpful staff. Very comfy beds, very good value. Fridge a bit noisy just a shame towels were so hard and rough. We wcouldn't hesitate booking to stay at this hotel again. 
12455 Love staying here as service is so personal in this intimate setting. Rooms are compact but offer much better working area and lighting than most hotels. Beds are very comfortable. Love this location - close to everything: shows, restaurants, museums. I always feel at home here. 
12456 great hotel. 6min walk away from times square. It is pretty good that it is not directly on times square. it is quiet. service/ staff all the time around + always helpful (respectful + competent) room: clean, high tech, nice ambience, just perfect small but nice lifting room lovely terrace 
12457 But, an extra $14.95 for the use of the hotel internet in the room???!!! The three free connections off the lobby don't meet demand. Otherwise, friendly folks, nice budget room (I like the modern decor) and lots of great food in the neighborhood. Two blocks from the Broadway Subway. Recommend. 
12458 This was an overflow hotel for a conference--but ?I liked it a lot. Big and clean room, free cooked-to-order breakfast, great location. I'd go back again! 
12459 Lovely hotel. Service is wonderful and the King room we had was gorgeous, with lovely linen sheets and a fabulous view. The receptionist was lovely and offered us advice on places to go and eat as well as shopping! Will definitely return there very soon! 
12460 Nice Hotel. Clean. I would return to this hotel. Work desk is really small for business travelers wanting to work in the room. Bed linens are nice but the bath towels are very thin and scratchy. Front desk staff is pleasant and helpful. 
12461 LOTS of restaurants close by, easy to walk to. Room cleanup service was crummy...coffee maker left dirty. A bit close to highway so noisy in the morning. Breakfast was good, check in was good. I would stay here again. 
12462 Dumont has great location, staff and nice rooms with a view.... Staff are friendly... check out the spa on the 2nd floor... 
12463 Excellent views from my 19th floor room, lovely bed with fluffy duvet, modern decor, very clean. Good location for downtown; beautiful courtyard for breakfast or coffee. Happening bar attached. Loved it. 
12464 One of the best motel in area. THis place is very near to downtown and has nice rooms. I will visit it again in future 
12465 This deluxe 2 bedroom suite gives no privacy. There are 2 beds with no doors. When entering the room the bathroom is right in front of you. My husband and I were in the same room with our teenaged girls and no privacy for intimacy. 
12466 Location is perfect - you cant ask for better location but the rooms are very ordinary. and the bathrooms very very small with a very small sinc. if the rooms are not imortant for you, you will enjoy the lobby and friendly staff. 
12467 We have been here before and found the hotel to be up to the same high standards that we experienced previously. The rooms were clean and very comfortable and the staff attentive. It is close to Times Square and Fifth Avenue and central for visiting all the sights of Manhattan. 
12468 Incredible small double room with no space besides the bed. 
12469 A very comfortable Hotel in mid Manhattan. Ideal location with most attractions within easy walking distance. Probably the most helpful and friendly doormen outside of Dubai. Rooms very comfortable indeed 
12470 Had an excellent week stay at Hotel Belleclaire. Room (Deluxe Queen) was perfect size for the two of us. Recently renovated and very clean. Only comment is the one extremely small elevator! Made for some interesting conversations though! :) 
12471 Employees at every Department have excellent attitudes. Had breakfast and dinner at their Bistro and the food and service were excellent. Very helpful with concierge information, items to make the room more comfortable. I was on 33rd floor and the concierge service was very good. Thoroughly enjoyed my stay> 
12472 a 5 minuti da times square e a 15 minuti a piedi dal rockfeller Center.posizione centrale con vicino la metropolitana e diversi ristoranti.Avevamo una quadrupla e siamo stati benissimo,solo il bagno era un po' piccolo.Lo consiglio a tutti,anche per la gentilezza di tutto lo staff 
12473 This hotel room was extremely basic but comfortable. The staff were helpful and friendly and the location was fantastic. 
12474 The rooms are as small as expected but it's right off Central Park! We lunched at Strawberry Fields and walked to the Met. The complimentary breakfast is a nice way to start the day! 
12475 Ottima posizione, a cinque minuti a piedi dalla Grand Central, zona tranquilla e con molti servizi vicini (banche, pizzeria, market etc..), pulizia delle camere buona e camere particolarmente spaziose con una cucina e angolo soggiorno, personale gentile e disponibile. 
12476 We have stayed at the Hilton before and really appreciate the good location for State Street shopping. The rooms have been updated in a modern decor and were very nice. Comfortable beds and spacious rooms. There is free internet and computers in the lobby by the concierge desk. 
12477 Very good location. Good price, all include: basic breakfast, free drinks machine, free WiFi and telefon calls within US. Very clean. Importent to ask for good and quiet room. 
12478 Great hotel clean, great location, great staff, transit system on 50th and 8th, times sq. 5 min away, theatre district 5 min away, oh before I forget nice continental breakfast every morning, I can't say enough, I wish I had more time to stay. 
12479 TRANNE IL BAGNO CHE ERA MOLTO PICCOLO E' UN ALBERGO CHE SI TROVA IN PIENO MANHATTAN A DUE PASSI DALLA METRO E DAL EMPIRE STATE BUILDING. COMPRESO NEL PREZZO UNA BUONA COLAZIONE CONTINENTALE DA CONSIGLIARE A CHI PASSA TUTTO IL GIORNO FUORI A GIRARE E DA USARE SOLO PER DORMIRE 
12480 We walked to dinner, shopping and the Broadway show! Clean, friendly staff. Parking right next door. Beds were a bit uncomfortable. Very bouncy, not stable. 
12481 adequate but not worth the money, in my opinion. burger joint looked good, didn't try it 
12482 I recently stayed at this hotel in early May and it was a great experience. The hotel staff was very nice, the rooms were very clean and the location was really central. I won't hesitate in staying here again. 
12483 We stay in this hotel this past week, and I want remark the location is very convenient it was close to park, we even wen to go to jogg in central park and our hotel is just steps away, another thing is close to plenty of restaurants and coffee places. 
12484 My family and I (2 adults and 2 young kids) just spent the night there after attending a sporting event in NYC. It was perfect for us. We had a room with two double beds. The room was nice, very clean and quiet. Considering the price...the Lucerne is great! 
12485 Un Palace, extrement bien place dans manhattan sur madisson av choisissew une chambre dans les hauteurs pour une vue sur manhattan le petit dej en chambre n a rien d exceptionnel super service super chambre le wifi est cher 
12486 We chose this hotel for its nearness to museums/art galleries,and Central Park.We were upgraded to a suite-nice.Rooms were smart and comfortable,staff exceptionally helpful and friendly. 
12487 Nice and clean, spacious rooms for a great value. The staff are always very pleasant and helpful. Hot/cold breakfast available each morning. Also, like having a refrigerator/microwave in the room. Easy off/on to freeway system. 
12488 Quick check-in, spacious rooms, many hotel amenities and helpful staff. My time here with my wife was romantic and fantastic. Would definitly stay here again. Highly recommend. 
12489 Stayed a week here. Very good location and very good service. Food was excellent. It was a bit pricey but it is in the heart of Chicago. 
12490 Great price, good location at 35th street between 5th and 6th avenues, large recently-renovated room, comfortable bed, staff helpful and courteous. A hotel that I will favor on my frequent trips to NYC. 
12491 Nice hotel, spacious room, a some noise, and not-so-bad location. I want to extend my special thanks to Elif Akinci who has been beyond helpful to us. The staff is really friendly and that made the whole difference for us. 
12492 Right opp Ground Zero - close by to some great shops - bars are fantastic as well - the wings at the bar are excellent - try em - the rooms are great the staff are pleasant - would stay here everytime I visit 
12493 buon quattro stelle in ottima posizione a pochi passi dal "Magnificient Mile". Camere molto spaziose e pulite. Molto soddisfatto e da consigliare, se dovessi tornare a Chicago sicuramente riprenoteri questo hotel. 
12494 Excellent visit - the concierge and Sam in the workout room were both great - Sam worked with us for four mornings and really got both of us going again - fantastic! 
12495 Great location, friendly staff and clean, may be a little old round the edges but for the price very good hotel for a NYC 
12496 We have been at this hotel with our grown children (2 rooms) The rooms are big butl old one , The location is great The hotel isn't very clean Again location great! 
12497 A room is a room, no veiw, smelt of smoke in a non smoking room, needs up-dating and a good clean 
12498 i stayed 5 nights at the da vinci and had no problems at all. room was clean, bed was good, bathroom was perfect. dont listen to the bad reviews this place is perfect for somwhere to sleep and freshen up when in new york!!! 
12499 Manhattan is a huge place and a good balance is a homey hotel. Staff are very helpful and friendly, they never forget your face..=) It's very well kept with exquisite complimentary coffee! 
12500 Great place with top location, practically staying at the times square. Loved the pool. I stayed in the triple room with 2 beds which is awesome for kids. 
12501 Location is great. Ten minutes walk to Broadway, Times Square, MOMA, etc. Rooms are clean and nice but pretty small. Personnel wasn't too eager to help with luggage and you sometimes can hear the neighbors TV through the wall, but other than that pretty nice considering the location 
12502 I have stayed at On the Ave several times over the past few years. It has always been a great experience. Rooms are comfortable, nicely equipped, obviously small (it's NYC). Staff are usually excellent. Hard to imagine finding a better hotel for Upper West Side 
12503 I can only recommended this hotel to everyone because they are extremely professional and carefully, if you will visit New York there is one place to be and that is W hotel downtown Sven Baele Belgium 
12504 This is a first rate hotel. The staff is unusually friendly and helpful and the rooms are clean and comfortable. The location can't be beat. One of the best places to stay in NYC! 
12505 This Chicago landmark always meets expectations. Yes, the property is old and even a little tired, but it's always clean and very comfortable. The very accomodating staff make you feel welcome and at home. 
12506 It's been the first time ive been to NYC, and this hotel made my trip even better! Nice people, great atmosphere, service and location. This will be my top pick in the future! gotta check it out recommended! 
12507 Rooms are a bit small for US standards, but for NY I guess they're a good size. We stayed here twice and had rooms with great views. Great location, within walking distance of just about everything. Would stay here again next time I vist NY. 
12508 the hotel was OK and comfotable however way over priced and i was charged 60 dollars to watch a movie so stay clear of that. great location short stroll to 5th avenue and times square 
12509 Stayed here mid week, was able to check in at 11am providing 2 DBLS worked, which it did for me. Great staff, had 2 business meetings on 3rd floor open seating area, free for guests -saved 400 on Regus meeting room! Great bar area on 3rd fl overlooking city. 
12510 Love this hotel, staff is great! Banquet Rooms are very nice and their food is awesome! We will continue to use this hotel for our future events and if any of our employees need any hotel accommodations. 
12511 We stayed in an Executive Room and it was phenomenal. I would have paid double what I did! The manager was fantastic, service was impeccable, room was clean and spacious. Strongly recommend! 
12512 I have stayed here several times on business. I have found all of the staff very helpful and attentive. The rooms are okay but with very small bathrooms. Good location and comfy beds. Free wi-fi is a nice touch. 
12513 This hotel was perfect for me in every way. The hotel is centrally located and convenient to shopping, dining, museums, and public transportation. The room was small, but very clean, quiet, and comfortable. 
12514 Hip hotel and bar is good but it's like walking into a nightclub every time you come back to hotel. Not suitable for older travellers. Bathroom wall is see through so nit suitable for those timid, families or sharing. Check in staff friendly but concierge. Ok but overall disappointed. 
12515 We enjoyed staying at this hotel. Very friendly front desk staff, clean rooms, adequate parking, and quiet rooms. 
12516 Very helpful and polite front desk clerks. Great valet service. The non suite rooms are small but very clean. Great downtown location, close to the ballpark! 
12517 This is the second time we have stayed at this hotel (once for business and once when visiting our son) and we like it a lot. The rooms are elegantly furnished with nice bathrooms. The staff is very friendly and helpful, and the location is good. We definitely recommend it. 
12518 Great location and accessible from all great nyc sights. Got a good deal on priceline while staying here for work. Got in really late and decided to order room service after midnight. A grilled cheese was $22 so I would not recommend doing this. However, clean comfortable and friendly. 
12519 I definitely recommend this hotel. It was great value in comparison to all the others that I saw when booking. It is now a Holiday Inn. If they keep their prices competitive then it is definitely worth booking. 
12520 More than anything it was the outstanding service at this iconic hotel that made it a highly pleasant, relaxing and memorable stay. Amazingly quiet, calm and dignified atmosphere. Well worth it. 
12521 This has been the best experience I've had at a hotel in New York. 
12522 My friend and I stayed here for a friend's wedding. The staff were great and the location was very convenient to the subway and a large grocery store with a great take-out counter. The room was clean and comfortable. I would recommend this hotel. 
12523 Stayed for two nights during Thanksgiving holiday. Room was well appointed, and not as small as I feared. Staff was courteous and efficient. Great location, near restaurants, subways, the Museum of Natural Hisotry, which folks should definitely visit. Good value, too. 
12524 We loved that this hotel was located right in the center of things. We could walk just a mile in any direction and see it all. Service was wonderful and the bed was very very comfy! 
12525 in Chinatown, near to Little Italy. Comfortable room and specially beds. 2 blocks away from metro to downtown und uptown. Stay with my girlfriend in 3rd floor, kingsize bed, great room. standard american breakfast. The staff at the front desk is very friendly and helpful, great service! 
12526 OTTIMA POSIZIONE, A 100 MT DALL'EMPIRE E A 300 DA MACY'S PERSONALE MOLTO CORTESE E COMPETENTE, CAMERA MINUSCOLA,ADDIRITTURA SENZA ARMADIO, MA SUFFICIENTE PER 4 GIORNI DI SOGGIORNO - UN PO' DI RUMORE ARRIVA DALLA STRADA. GIUDIZIO GLOBALE POSITIVO 
12527 I'm kind of a fan of Intercontinental hotels but in NY I loved more there kind of brand new not t used with a great location 
12528 Great hotel for visitors who do not want to rent a car and have light weight luggage. I took the bus from the airport, walked to the hotel and took daily the Metro rail to different museums. Toyota Center and Convention Center as well as theatres nearby. 
12529 Very good location, cheap. Rooms are old and should be refreshed. In Europe it would have like 1,5 - 2 stars. Price/location/standard - very good! 
12530 The room is well appointed and comfortable. The location is fantastic on the Mag mile. The only negative was that the room very small. The staff helpful and friendly. I definitely would go back. 
12531 I am not a letter writer, but after our amazing experience at the Paramount I had to write a review! The staff were amazing, kind and funny. The room was so comfortable, the bed and pillows made us sleep like babies.. We loved the Paramount. 
12532 Fab hotel in the heart of times square. the views of the square from the rooms are amazing (as long as you don't suffer from vertigo!). Bliss products in the bathroom & really comfortable beds. 
12533 We stayed at the inn of chicago for 2 nites the hotel was great. Location was perfect 1 block from Michigan ave 10 minute walk to pier. Rooms are small but clean & comfortable. Only knock LOUD a/c unit. Would definitely stay here again. Big Catt 
12534 Welcoming and friendly, professional staff. Room was immaculately clean and cleaned to a high standard every day. Breakfasts were amazing and fantastic value for money. The staff in the diner were so friendly and worked very hard to ensure everyone was happy. Would definitely stay here again. 
12535 The hotel is new, clean, modern and beautiful. Personnel is very friendly and helpful. Great location - only half a block from Times Square. Breakfast did not include hot entrees but still was very nice. Wonderful hotel for the price we paid. 
12536 Really nice hotel. Located right by central park and a short walk to times square. Pleaseant staff, lOvely roof top bar. Highly reccomend 
12537 I was lucky enough to spend one night at the Mandarin during the Sandy Blackout. Their staff was excellent, the room beautiful. I had room service, it arrived on time and prepared exactly to my specifications. It was one of my best hotel experiences in New York City. 
12538 Pros: Great Location. Right on Michigan Avenue and walkable to a ton of great sites, shopping, and restaurants. Staff was nice. Cons: Just a little room and an average price. $15 to use your computer. Look around -- there has got to be a better deal downtown. 
12539 I stay in NY twice a month and this is the nicest hotel with the biggest rooms I have stayed at. I will be back. 
12540 I stayed here with four other friends for one night - the room was very large and the free drinks from 5-7 pm were great. 
12541 Horrible Service, small rooms, alot of noise, not clean.Hotel appears tired and dated. The staff were very unhelpful and not very friendly 
12542 Great location at a good price. Was in for the weekend with the family. They were remodeling the lobby but the room was great. Only $20 extra for the suite. 
12543 The hotel is not fully up&running yet but once it is ready it's going to be one of the best. The limo/Rolls drivers need to be trained - now you step from a 5star hotel into a 1star service as soon as the limocompany is involed. 
12544 This is great hotel at a great location. We were given a room on a higher floor on request. The overall experience was very pleasant. Will surely stay here when we visit NYC again. 
12545 This is lovely hotel and well located near 34th st for shopping and also for access to buses and trains. Plenty of places nearby for eating out. Breakfast is nice and enough to set you up for the day....would recommend to a friend.. 
12546 When checking in I had to go twice back and forth between the reception and my room, as my room key did not work -- apparently their software doesn't handle it well when roommates check in at different times. After that nuisance my stay was pleasant. 
12547 Clean, nice finishes, decent location, good service. Worth a money, a good choice if you're staying in manhattan. 
12548 It's a little out of the way if you're planning on spending a lot of time in MidTown. However, for a fraction of the price & being away from all that hustle & bustle, we really enjoyed it!! Gorgeous views of the Statue, too! 
12549 Ottimo Hotel, ottima la reception, concierge molto gentile, ma soprattutto ottima posizione dell'hotel a due passi dal Rockfeller center dall' Empire e in generale dal centro, vicino alla stazione ed alla metro. 
12550 The hotel has a great location for shopping and dining. The rooms are spacious and clean. The hotel staff is nice. No complaints. 
12551 Hotellet var krystalklart rent, med en attraktiv beliggenhed klods op ad det groenne omraade omkring "Museum of Natural History" - og herligt taet paa Central Park og en metro-station. Den eneste lille bemaerkning var at elevatorerne var temmelig langsomme 
12552 I am so in love with NYC. The hotel (Warwick), the sites, the entertainment and especially the people make this a trip I will take again in the near future. 
12553 Sono stato davvero contento di alloggiare in questo Hotel, molto pulito con bagno in camera anch'esso pulito. Ottima posizione in zona sicurissima (come tutta New York). Hotel silenzioso, con veduta su una corte. 
12554 We stayed for three days, the location is great. The room was first class. The staff was friendly and helpful. We were able to walk everywhere. It's close to many attractions. 
12555 Stayed on a room only basis. Was our first time in NYC and were not sure about where to stay. The reputation of the hotel is a lot grander than the hotel it's self. Staff very helpful, good location, but would choose a different hotel on a return trip. 
12556 Had a wonderful weekend at the Felix. All staff we encountered were very pleasant and helpful. Claudia helped with many reservations etc and added a nice touch in the room for a birthday celebration. The hotel is clean, neat, modern and perfectly located. I will definitely return Thanks everyone!!! Charles 
12557 my husband and i have just came back from there it was terrible , dirty , paper and paint peeling from walls and ceiling,plus holes in walls,carpets filthy and threadbare,i did not sleep whilst there as would not sleep in the bed 
12558 My girlfriend and I stayed here in April for our anniversary. Hotel reception were extremely helpful and friendly, excellent location for hotel and was a very reasonable price. We have recommended this hotel to friends and will definately stay again, next time we're in New York 
12559 The front desk staff was amazing. Great recommendations for nearby restaurants and very welcoming. This is a newer hotel, and the rooms were fresh and very clean. Free WiFi is always a plus, and their's was fast, enabling me to get some work done. 
12560 Times square, nuovo edificio, camere basilari ma pulite ed efficienti con angolo cottura, lavastoviglie, microonde e frigorifero. Staff molto cordiale, per lo standard newyorkese...ascensori mai affollati, lavanderia self gratuita...insomma un'ottima scelta sia per lavoro che per vacanza...a meno di 200 dollari poi e' un'occasione!!! 
12561 Besonderes hervorzuheben ist die ideale Lage in der Naehe des TimesSquare. Wir hatten eine Suite gebucht, was unwesentlich teurer wie ein normales Zimmer war. Dadurch hatten wir jedoch ein grosszuegiges Platzangebot. Reception unfreundlich, Zimmerservice ok. Zimmer waren am 15:00 nocht nicht bezugsfertig, konnten dafuer aber erst um 14:00 auschecken 
12562 Terza volta al Salisbury, sempre ok. Albergo vecchiotto ma pulito, colazione a buffet con dolci, frutta, yogurt, formaggi, uova sode: 9 dollari. Posizione ottima con metro a 50 metri e supermercati per comprare cibo pronto se volete rimanere nel budget, servizio auto privata per l'aeroporto: 60 dollari tutto compreso. 
12563 muy bueno... me encanto... excelente servicio... 
12564 a very nice property, staff are very professional, room is very spacy. 
12565 Great Location! Great Amenities! Wonderful and friendly Staff! Discount Parking! Free Internet! Complementary wine and cheese, Complementary Continental Breakfast and free all day cookies, danish, fruit, espresso, latte and cappuccino. What more could you ask for!!!!! 
12566 The staff is outstanding. They're very attentive, professional and friendly. Convenient location. There's a happy hour, breakfast and light dinner during the week. The rooms are very nice and spacious. It's like a mini apartment. I loved it! 
12567 The pictures posted here are of the better rooms. Good if you're 19 years old and on an adventure around the world, with only a few bucks in your pocket and lots of friend. Otherwise, stay away. One of the more depressing low-budget experiences. 
12568 Location... Good Rooms... (Shower Fixtures need up-date):Room Temp. control (poor) Complimentary Breakfast... good variety There are BETTER... for LESS Expense P.S. "Let your fingers do the walking"... Shop around! 
12569 My wife and I stayed here for a wedding. The location was convenient to all of the hot spots and the subways. When the staff found out it was my wife's birthday, they had a bottle of champagne waiting. Great surprise! 
12570 Easy location 
12571 Very , very helpful staff. Nice tips for local restaurants. Big corner room with no noticeable traffic noise form street. Big comfy beds with large living area. Very clean , with great shower and towels. Would recommend for any traveler. Hope your experience as good as mine.. 
12572 Clean, quiet room, with comfortable bedding and very nice amenities in the bathroom, including soaps, shampoos, conditioners and body wash. Competitive rates and friendly front desk staff. First stay in that hotel in many years, but would definitely return. 
12573 This hotel is a great value. The room was a good size, neat & clean. It's in walking distance of Jazz@Lincoln Center, where we went that night. We had breakfast at the Gotham Cafe, which we recommend---good service, food & price. 
12574 Hotel was clean and nice and enjoyed my stay. Good location.Only problem was dripping shower head which will be taken care of. I will recommend this hotel to my friends. 
12575 We enjoyed staying at this Hampton Inn. Just down the block from the subway station. Easy access for our 1 week vacation. Breakfast - Go early - Fine start for the family for the day. Gift shop onsite. 
12576 This hotel was gorgeous. Beautiful clean and spacious room with fantastic view of the city, delicious breakfast, and excellent service. 
12577 Not for a honeymoon but a great place to stay with friends for a weekend getaway such as an international marathon. Spending the weekend in town with 53000 other runner is a pure joy. So one can imagine that the hotel isn't the top priority. 
12578 The staff at the Staybridge were fantastic especially Dan at the front desk and Whitney the concierge. We recommend the Staybridge Suites to anyone as the location is fantastic and so are all the amenities in the hotel. 
12579 Stayed here for a work trip. We were able to negotiate a good group rate. Great location close to anything you need. Would recommend for any business trip but is nice enough and good value enough even for someone looking to stay here on holiday. 
12580 Reeds 3x verbleven. Goede service en zeer goede kamers met alle komfort. Perfecte ligging. Vervelend: tipsysteem bij ontbijt. Diner matig: beperkte keuze en geen topkwaliteit. Soms onvoldoende personeel s'avonds bij diner: meer dan 20 minuten wachttijd. 
12581 My partner stayed at the Tribeca Grand after an 8 week around the world holiday as a treat. The hotel completely meet our expectations. The location was perfect and the services we recieved was second to none. Will stay again 
12582 Stayed here for a business trip. Location is great, right in Michigan Avenue and close to mayor retail and food locations. Rooms are clean, modern, and serviced promptly. Staff was always helpfull. Will visit again. 
12583 Enjoyed a pre Christmas break. Nice hotel great value for money and right in the middle to get to anywhere. Enjoyed it! You don't go to new York to stay in a hotel but this is great for place for enjoying new York! 
12584 I stay there for weeks at time. A real "bang for the buck" deal. 
12585 Great location, good price, clean, helpful staff, quiet room even though right next to the elevator. 
12586 I stayed in this hotel for 5 days and it was great! Its location is fantastic and there's a subway just on the corner. The room and the bathroom are clean... but they could change the furniture, they look like so old... 
12587 Weak hotel...it is NOT NEWLY RENOVATED (at least it doesn't look that way). Old and tired hotel. No A/C on warm days in the fall (hotel switchs to heat throughout...you sweat). Dingy and dirty. Cheap furnishings. Very disappointing. On my "bad hotel" list of places to avoid. 
12588 Surrounded by lesser hotels but worth the price. Slightly more expensive than hotels sharing the same parking lot but everything about this hotel was very nice (room, service, location, etc.). Our room service meal was excellent as well which I find to seldom be the case. 
12589 Love it, love it, love it. Nice room size, great elevator system, and very comfortable beds. "The View" bar had delicious food, great wines, and a perfect view of Times Square. Would love to return here at least once a year. 
12590 Very central location, easily accessible, close to public transportation, and close to downtown corporate offices, shopping, sightseeing, with plenty restaurants nearby. Room is of decent size, nicely appointed, with electronic window covering, which is quite nice and less dusty comparing to cloth ones. 
12591 Loved this hotel. It is in a great location. The Hotel staff were very welcoming and attentive throughout our 6 day stay. Room was spacious and spotless. Hot buffet breakfast a bonus. Tea/coffee available 24 hours in the lobby. Would definately use the Hampton Inn again. 
12592 the hotel is good, for the price we did pay. The street where the hotel is,looks not so very safe during the night. But everything is near by. 
12593 This hotel is nice, it is a great hotel to stay at for being at the park and listening to music in the summer. It is dated, and a little worn, but definitely a classic Chicago hotel. We loved it, and had great service. 
12594 I stayed here with my family in early November and was so impressed with the service here. They gave us a high floor with the best view of downtown NYC! The rooms were huge and the staff was extremely helpful and helped with every question we had. Thanks Hilton! 
12595 Hotel Azure is recent vernieuwd. Het ziet er prima uit. De enige aanmerking is dat de kamer nogal aan de kleine kant is. De ligging van het hotel is ideaal, namelijk aan de rand van Soho, Little Italy, Chinatown en Tribeca. 
12596 This hotel was very conveniently located and close to the subway and Empire State building. Its a pity the staff were slack in helping out with directions to tourist places, seemed to have more interesting things to do like standing around. 
12597 Stayed at Hampton Inn and was so impressed with service. Staff was very freindly always was ready to help with all my needs. I will be back any time I stay in NYC. 
12598 Everything was great with this hotel. The rooms were small but comfortable. The price was not outrageous. The breakfast offering was adequate. The location was great. We were close to a subway stop and lots of stores! 
12599 Geweldig Hotel in Trendy district (Meatpacking). Schoon, lux en uitstekende service. prachtig zwembad op het dakterras. Ligging is super. Vriendelijk personeel. Goede prijs kwaliteit verhouding. 
12600 Great location, price and service. Fun, antique elevator. The hotel reminded me of one we stayed at in Paris. Small rooms, need updated. Didn't care for the bathroom decor or wall unit air conditioner. 
12601 A $240 room rate and they want $13 bucks for wifi? Per day? Breakfast buffet cancelled so you pay $12 for 2 pieces of cold toast and jelly that someone else had previously used. Seriously? It looks nice, but you;re just a number. Go somewhere that cares about your experience. 
12602 Front desk ladies are very helpful and nice, and they presented high quality services. 
12603 very clean and stylish rooms. free wifi and free coffee/tea/muffins in the morning. pc at lobby is also available for free. perfect location at times square, market, subway and bus station in the near. friendly hotel stuff and service. 
12604 The staff was incredible. Michael J, Svetlana, Daniel, Wendy et al.were great. I love the cookies. Easy check-in, check-out. 
12605 Stayed here in July , the location is really good especially for times square and Maddison square gardens there were loads of places to eat (McDonald's and tgi Fridays opposite). Hotel was clean staff were friendly would definately stay there again. 
12606 Best hotel I've ever stayed at. Beautiful rooms, fantastic location. 
12607 accueil super sympa, proche de tous, et vraiment pas chere!!!! c'est une excellente affaire 
12608 Stayed at the Hudson at the end of September...really different hotel! Great ambience, with lots of 'beautiful' people! Got great rates from cityandshow.com, fantasic base for sightseeing. Make sure you visit the terrace bar...great view! 
12609 Muy descontento con el servicio del hotel la primera habitacion sin ventanas con un olor tremendo ,pedimos cambio y nos dieron una algo mejor con el aire acondicionado de l siglo pasado,no refrigeradora no cafetera. NO volveria jamas 
12610 Location walking distance from times squares, broadway central park and shopping areas. Staff very helpful as well 
12611 In the Centre of Midtown and very close to Grand Central Station so perfect for sight seeing and shopping. Hotel was very clean and staff very helpfull especially Richard. Rooms very comfortably and spacious for NY. Booked with Letsgoto and got a fantastic deal. 
12612 this hotel was a pre-cruise stay(Hol-America cruise)..perfect choice...about 3/4 mile to the ship dock and the taxi charge was only 3.50usd. excellent location..would definitely stay there again 
12613 - location is ok - rooms and bathrooms are very small - air con is integrated in the window, which does not close correctly -> nearly unpossible to sleap there - very unflexible service at the front desk - no restaurant, bar etc. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX 
12614 Loved the hotel and the staff were wonderful. We stayed in a two double bedroom and it was nice. Beds were very small double beds and the bathroom was very small, but we didn't mind as it was a historic hotel and was very beautiful. 
12615 Perfect location. Close to pretty much everything. Short walk to central park, subway, broadway and shopping. The rooms are great everyone is polite and the service is top notch. We have stayed here both times we visited New York. 
12616 It is the best value in New York Close to theaters Staff works very hard to make your stay pleasant 
12617 El hotel esta bastante bien ubicado, es un hotel no muy grande pero muy de estilo "neoyorquino". Cuenta con un desayuno bastante bueno y las camas son muy comodas. Solo pienso que el banio es un tanto chico. Volveria! 
12618 A standard queen is tiny - barely enough room to get around the bed. The rooms were too small to be comfortable - though the staff was really friendly and the location was excellent. Wouldn't go back because of the room size. 
12619 I'm a wheelchaired patron and I found this hotel uniquely accessable given it's size and age. I have personally written to the ADA commenting on how well they caitered to my needs. The rates were reasonable, and the retro atmosphere kept me amused between the nights. 
12620 A good place to stay in New York, close to Subway, 20 minute walk to Times Square, lots of easy dinner options and Starbucks nearby. 
12621 Great decor in the lobby and the rooms, and although the rooms were a bit small, they had all the basics. The location was fabulous and the staff, especially Jed, was extremely friendly and helpful. We were pleasantly surprised by the well equipped fitness center. 
12622 This hotel is a gem. This is our second stay at this hotel and we will return again and again. Everything is perfect about this place..from the doorman, parking valet, front desk staff, cleanliness of rooms, quality of beds, location, there are no negatives about this hotel. 
12623 Definitely stay at this hotel - very upscale and near many points of interest in NY. 5th Ave, Park Ave and Lexington are within a few blocks. The rooms were extremely nice and very comfortable and a nice workout facility. We paid 130 a night through a priceline auction. 
12624 Great place to stay but somewhat of the main streets. But its definitely worth it for the standard that you get! The west tower needs some refurbishment on their bathrooms but the views more than compensate for that! Have been here twice and would not hesitate to come back! 
12625 This hotel is in the heart of Time Square. Close to many restaurants and activities. Rooms are nice and large. Would stay here again. 
12626 Very nice, close walk to all the bars and restaurants on Halsted. Supposedly this was Al Capones hangout in the twenties. Historic feel to it; I have stayed here many times. 
12627 Far and away the best hotel I have experienced. The staff are friendly, engaged, and hip - providing outstanding customer service thoughtfully. I have now stayed at 5 different Kimpton hotels and each experience has been terrific. Kimpton is my first choice for a hotel whenever I travel. 
12628 Everything was wonderful! My husband and our wedding party stayed here after our wedding and it was great. Everyone was so friendly and professional. Our room was clean and beautiful. The room service was excellent!Thank you for everything! 
12629 Ambiente calido y acogedor. Buena disposicion del personal de recepcion. Ideal para jovenes. Buen equipamiento tecnologico con acceso a computadores e internet. Entorno proximo con equipamiento de abastecimiento, numerosos restaurantes y pubs, estacion de Metro y buses. En general, RECOMENDABLE. 
12630 We just returned home from a great "mother & daughter" weekend with our girls. We'd be neglectful if we didn't mention what a comfortable stay we enjoyed and how helpful the staff was at the hotel. Hope to be back again soon! 
12631 Great location. easy check in and check out. Breakfast was excellent each morning. Friendly staff. Clean room. Not a single issue over 3 days. It was GREAT! 
12632 Hotel's location was superb. Once you step out, you will be in the heart of Times Square, where shops and eateries do not close till 1 or 2am. However, service of front desk, housekeeping and concierge certainly have room for improvement. 
12633 We loved this Hotel.The lobby is beautiful,and the suites are charming with awesome architecture of times gone by.Suite had,dining room table and chairs,sofa,,sitting chairs,and off privatly was the bedroom area.Will definatly tsay again..Out the window of our suite was the empire state building. 
12634 I stayed at the Hudson Hotel in December, 2004, along with several co workers. It was dark, gloomy, and dreadful. Plumbing problems, too--lack of hot water! When we told the front desk, they did give a 25% discount but it seemed like too little, too late. Very, very disappointing. 
12635 No hot water in our room at all. They changed us to another room and guess what? No hot water. The housekeepers steal too. My wife lost a couple of clothes. The location is good, but with that price you can get better deals. 
12636 hotel is just beside all other major chains good area nothuing bad to say 10 miinutes from the airport big parking very good rate for a 1 night stay this is a good deal 
12637 Wonderful experience- Abdul went above and beyond to make sure our stay amazing and he was very accommodating to all our needs. Great location- very easy to get too. Would definitely stay at this hotel again and recommend to my friends and family. 
12638 Great location. Nice rooms. Good breakfast. Just wish they had more than one computer in the business center. 
12639 This was simply a great place to stay. My room was spotless, comfortable, stylish, well appointed and...the endless, free purified bottled water is a sweet touch. Italian restaurant in lobby good. Location can't be beat. I'll be back. 
12640 Like moth-ball scented rooms with mice? Stay here! My roommate could reach both ends of the room with her hand and foot when she stretched sideways. Pay the extra $20 for a better place! 
12641 Only stayed one night, but got bit several times on the shoulder by bed bugs. I should have read the previous warnings by reviewers. You pay for what you get. 
12642 The staff of the hotel is super friendly and helpfull. The Belgian manager is great. She knows what her guests want. The view into ground zero is unreal, so I'am looking forward to its realization and would prefere for the next time the South side. 
12643 Good location and easy to access many areas of Manhattan. Lobby and reception area were quirky, but the bedroom was a decent size with a high ceiling and very effective air conditioning. The fitness centres - while small- were also adequately equipped and fit for purpose! Would certainly stay again. 
12644 We only stayed one night but was allowed to check in early (11:00am), received great tips from the Concierge, and had wonderful service from every staff member. The room was very nice and clean and the bed was WONDERFUL! Will stay here again, next time we're in New York City! 
12645 It is good hotel in an excellent place. The rooms are big and clean, service is good, restaurants are good. The hotel all services like internet etc so really good for business travellers and most importantly rates are quite affordable. 
12646 Thank you Rita Washington for your wonderful customer service! You are definitely a great ambassador for Crowne Plaza! Next time we come to Houston on business we will be staying at the Crowne Plaza!!!! 
12647 We stayed at the Westin for our 25th Anniversary. The staff was great, the room was large and comfortable. The location is great for getting anywhere you want to go. We willl be staying there again and would recommend it to anyone that wants a great hotel to stay at. 
12648 Great hotel, rooms clean, the hotel is very central for shopping, which we did alot of! Lots of choices of restaurants nearby. All in all I would recommend it for anyone heading to the big apple. 
12649 EXCELLENT VALUE! Great location yet not full of the tourist crowd. Walk everywhere. Free coffee service & great gym. The most comfortable mattress I've experienced in any hotel. Concierge service. I would highly recommend and will stay there again. 
12650 Having visited New York many times Marathons etc I can honestly say the Crowne UN is my favourite. Friendly staff great location and a cosy 'non plastic' feel A country Hotel within a city 
12651 Great room, Great service, Great Price. Cheap bu Nrw York standard but woth a whole lot more. #I enjoyed my stay and will be back 
12652 The hotel staff need to be commended. We only stayed one night, but would not hesitate staying there again. The location is great. We were very impressed how sincere and gracious the staff at the Intercontinental were. Very refreshing indeed. Thanks to you all. 
12653 This was our second time staying at Park Central and we chose it, due to the great localization close to Central Park, Times Square and the Broadway shows. All staff were very attentive and friendly, specially Elizabeth. We will return definitely. 
12654 Great. Nice rooms. Good housekeeping. Friendly staff. Only two minor glitches with guest services. One getting my car and the other with a wake up call. The hotel was full and had three large weedings. Great stay. Resturants and shopping within walking distance. 
12655 Great location, cool feel, close to everything. Room was compact but fine and bed was comfortable. Staff were great nice bar and band. 
12656 The people were wonderful but the hotel is badly in need of a facelift and room renewal. The furniture is starting to look tacky and there really isn't a main lobby to sit and have coffee. One of the best concierges I've ever worked with. The location is perfect. 
12657 The first person you see and the last person you see is Mohammed the doorman. He is indicative of the service--very friendly and helpful, especially to the tired traveler. 
12658 Very good location, sufficiently big room, sound-proof. The only disadvantage - wifi is not free and you have to pay for luggage storage. 
12659 Wonderful hotel with a cozy feel. Try the roof top terrace with a bottle of wine and someone you care for. Staff is very helpful. Great location and easy to get there from here. 
12660 Room was lovely, clean, and spacious, especially for NYC 
12661 Bathroom was great, the shower was powerful. Grand central was a 5 minute walk away and fifth ave was about 15. Comfortable and very large bed. Would stay here again. 
12662 i love this hotel. its location is great. rooms are some times on the small size depending on what you get but you cant beat the location at all. rooms are clean with good amenities. everyone is always nice and helpful 
12663 Took a chance on this new hotel and fell in love! They treat you like a star. The bathroom had a huge walk in shower with an overhead sunflower head...aaah a little slice of heaven in NYC. Has great cocktails in the bar too! 
12664 Provides what you'd expect of such a hotel, not more Decoration a little bit aged No free wifi access from rooms Noisy rooms 
12665 I loved the Icon. The bed was comfortable and the vaulted ceiling room was nicely furnished and quiet. The lobby is cool and the bar is one of my favorite hotel bars. 
12666 In the middle of everything....hearty warm chocolate chip cookies everyday at the reception counter....kids loved it......withing walking distance to all the theaters, hop on hop off bus stops....loved it. Clean rooms.....very pleased with the service received! 
12667 excellent location, but i did find this hotel to be expensive. i've no major problem as such with the hotel however, the room was tiny and you couldn't turn on the a/c at night because even on the low setting is was ridiculously loud. 
12668 Always good service at this very fine hotel. The rooms and amenities are top class. Location is great. Probably one of the most expensive hotels in New York. 
12669 I paid for a Times square view right off there website and they told me that that room was only available at check in. 
12670 Good modern hotel, with nice public areas and rooms. Room well equipped and clean. Staff very friendly and helpful. If you are thinking of staying here, the hotel is fine but we would recommend the Hampton Inn Times Square North which had bigger rooms and a complimentary breakfast 
12671 hotel a due passi da central park e due fermate della metro con linee diverse comode per le maggiori attrazioni, camere piccole ma pulite offre anche una piccola colazione, posizione davvero ottima 
12672 Enjoyed the stay, beautifully appointed room and the service is exceptional 
12673 Location was great for a quick getaway to play in NYC. Convenient to Grand Central Station and a nexus of subways. The corner rooms are quite large with wonderful views, but the non corner room we had was also very nice. 
12674 Affina Manhattan, right across from madison square garden and so a great central place to stay. Staff really friendly, rooms huge (we got 2 double beds when we booked our twin) with fridge to keep our drinks and breakfast cool in. cannot fault it and would definately stay again. 
12675 Just spent the weekend at the Mandarin in NYC. Great location, large beautiful rooms with a wonderful view. Excellent staff, great spa, 5 star property. Nothing not to like, we'll be back in November! 
12676 The location is perfect, the rooms are comfortable and luxurious, the atmosphere is festive, and the Christmas decorations are stunning. Another enjoyable aspect here was the executive lounge which is excellent. 
12677 Overall, my stays at Hotel Metro have been great. Their amenities and service are fantastic. The bathrooms are a bit small though, especially for those who anticipate having counter space. As with any NY hotel, expect the usual nightly noise factor which can interrupt your sleep. 
12678 Nothing wrong per say but the room was tiny and plain. The "W" or Marriot Grand Marquis would be much better choices for the money. 
12679 Love it, love it, love it. This hotel was really clean,spacoius rooms and has a good breakfast. The concierge was also very helpfull. The only downside - it does not have a guest laundry. 
12680 We have been here during "IRENE" and we have to say tahanky for the hospitality the complete hotel crew gave to all of us. We will recommend this hotel for further saty and if we come bach to NY this hotel ist top listred for us. 
12681 Hotel staff was incredibly friendly and accommodating. From check in to check out I couldn't ask for anything more. Got a great value just a few steps from the heart of times square, will definitely be staying here again. Rooms are very clean, bed was very comfortable. 
12682 Ik ben inmiddels voor de 4e keer in New York geweest. Dit hotel heeft een goede prijs/kwaliteitverhouding. Daarnaast is het ontbijt bij de prijs inbegrepen en uitstekend ondanks het wegwerpbestek. Volgende keer weer Hampton Inn Times Square North! 
12683 I have stayed in much nicer hotels that were much cheaper than 400 to 500 / night!!!! I'm not your occasional traveler. Just like the heading states great location, but way overpriced. Very small rooms. Conceirge staff was very helpful! 
12684 There was a cockroach in the bathroom, the room was very small, staff not very kind, air conditioned very old and noisy. Noisy room. It smelt bad. Too expensive. At 4 pm my room wasn't cleaned. 
12685 Stayed here on a Friday in June 2012 traveling for fun. Room was sparkling clean, sheik decor, at a reasonable price. Did not dine here. Rooftop bar with great views. Check in was quick and easy. Location very good. Close to the park, Times Square, etc. 
12686 Staff was very attentive.The room was fabulous and the facilty was very nice.Great Experience I would certainly stay at this location again. I didnt get a chance to experience the spa or the breakfast, but everything else was great 
12687 Simple as this ... we loved this hotel. We loved the bar and restaurant (Fireside) too. Room service was great, staff were friendly, location is perfect ... absolutely nothing to complain about! 
12688 My stay at the W Lakeshore was wonderful. The rooms were fabulous as well as the courteous staff that made sure my stay was excellent. The hotel's modern rooms were awesome! I would recommend this hotel to all my friends! 
12689 undeniable perfect location hence price tag but we book the room because it advertises for the newly renovated room. Well we did not get one! come early to ensure parking. 
12690 Great place to stay. Water pressure on toilet was only problem.Very friendly staff ! Would stay again. 
12691 The location is perfect, right in the middle of Times Square! The rooms are great, the staff is friendly and helpful, and the warm welcome cookies are delicious! 
12692 Beautiful hotel in a great location with large comfortable rooms and excellent service. Will stay there every time we are in New York! 
12693 very nice, comfortable bed, great location, expensive 
12694 We stayed here for 5 nights in July 2012. The Club Floor welcome was excellent, the room very comfortable and quite spacious for New York CIty. The Club breakfast was average, as was the food at evening "happy hour", but overall the guest experience was very good 
12695 Nice location, close to Mag Mile shops and resturants. The room was clean and quiet. The beds were terrible. They have adjustable mattress setting from firm to soft. The theory is great but it did not work. It could possibly be the worse mattress I ever slept on. 
12696 My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Indigo August 10-12. The location is great with easy access to downtown and Lincoln Park where our youngest daughter lives. The staff was very friendly, courteous and helpful. The rooms were nice but on the small side. 
12697 It has a very good location and the room is OK, but the bathroom and the shower are awful!! the sound of the pipes is deafening!! and it sounds the all night!!! Really, really bad..................... 
12698 Hotel is located in a great location and close to everything. Staff are very friendly and helpful. Price is hit and miss as sometimes I find they have great deals on and sometimes they are more pricey. Rooms are clean and well designed. Will return when price is reasonable. 
12699 Stayed here for two nights on a whistle stop visit to New York. FAb decor, room not as small as I thought, great bathroom design and the staff couldn't have been more helpful. 
12700 Pulito, centrale ed economico. Personale non molto simpatico ma disponibile. 
12701 We spent 5 nights at the Comfort Inn Midtown. Very clean rooms and public areas. Helpful, courteous staff, great rates and location. Nice complementary breakfast. Have been to NYC several times and I have never been more satisfied with a hotel. 
12702 Liked the location, hotel and room were great...bathroom a little on the dark and small side, but otherwise I would certainly recommend this hotel. Didn't get to experience the rooftop unfortunately as there was a private party happening, but I will be back! 
12703 A very nice hotel ideally located for Times Square. If you get one of the higher rooms you will have excellent views. Would stay there again. 
12704 This hotel was amazing from start to finish. A beautiful heritage hotel not far from Times Square and all the other midtown action. The room was very nice and we enjoyed our week at the hotel. The concierge Vanessa is extremely helpful! 
12705 Very comfortable - excellent location - terrifc staff... Andrew at the check-in counter was extremely helpful... 
12706 Excellent location, right in the heart of Times Square. The room was lovely and the views from the windows were great even if they weren't of Times Square itself. We would recommend it as an ideal location to explore New York. 
12707 This is a Manhattan find. Three doors from Times Square, but you wouldn't know it inside. Quiet, upscale, wonderful amenities and a friendly, helpful staff. 
12708 My boyfriend and I were amazed by the breathtaking view of Lake Michigan! We are from Texas so the view of the city was very important to us. We had no problems at this hotel... rooms, service, location were top notch. 
12709 Helpful staff, Good Continental breakfast, Rooms ok, Location Perfect. Wie will come Again. Stayed in May 2011 
12710 Ha sido una semana en New York y con este hotel tan bien situado, practicamente hemos hecho todo andando. Esta al lado de Times Sqaure y si te gusta el movimiento de gente y centrico este es tu sitio. 
12711 Our first trip to New York and this hotel was great. Great location in Times Square and Broadway, but was very quiet. The staff was very friendly and helpfull and the price much less than other hotels. We highly recomend this hotel. 
12712 Had a great stay at this hotel during a short business trip. The rooms were clean with great amenities. The staff was excellent and were able to anticipate the expectations and needs of my colleagues and I. 
12713 een 7 daags verblijf in dit hotel is prima bevallen; goede service, vriendelijk en behulpzaam personeel; schone kamers en een (voor New York) uitstekend ontbijt; ligging centraal (ca. 200 mtr. van het empire state building en dichtbij metrostations; een prima locatie om new york te verkennen. 
12714 Enjoyed my stay at Four Points..felt like I was the only one staying there. Every single staffer I dealt with was extremely nice. Have never stayed somewhere where the staff was so incredibly friendly. 
12715 First of all was given a room near a vending machine, asked to move which they did. The new room was clean and nicely presented and had an amazing view directly up at the Empire State Building. The staff were friendly and didn't have any problems. Would stay again. 
12716 The New York Palace is a very posh place - we felt slightly out of place in our shorts and t-shirts! The service was good and the views were amazing. The food at breakfast was very good quality (especially the blueberry pancakes) but very expensive. 
12717 The staff are outstanding: friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. The hotel itself is okay (complementary breakfast is continental only), with reasonable facilities and sleep quality. It is a busy area, though very convenient for subway access, Macy's, 42nd St, Broadway etc. 
12718 Looked nice, but wouldn't even hold our luggage for 2 hours while we walked around the city since we had to check out by noon and didn't fly home until later. They have limited space and made many guests angry. Other than that it was adequate. 
12719 Second stay in less then 1 year. Ideal location for business and leasure. Nice rooms, well cleaned, very helpful conscierge. 
12720 We loved the funkiness and the history of the Hotel Chelsea....the location was perfect for our lower Manhattan touring. The staff was awesome...gave us great tips and arranged a wonderful car service to the airport. We will definitely stay here again! 
12721 rooms updated.. new flat screens..wood floors..new carpet just looks great with full size kitchen and now offer a breakfast which is easy & perfect for kiddos! all customer service at this location are great and always friendly! i will definitely use them again. 
12722 Love "On the Ave" Hotel because it's clean, friendly, centrally located and has the best beds in the city! Whenever I go to New York, I stay here and know I'll be warmly welcomed and feel like I'm in my own home. I highly recommend checking out this extraordinary hotel! 
12723 A fine hotel, with a very proactive young team. Location is ideal for the design and Soho-lics. 
12724 The location is great close to everything nice top roof bar just steps from great stores, and train station......... i will definetly be back..... 
12725 I stay at the Hotel Blake regularly for business, and it never disappoints. Clean, stylish, large rooms, nice bar, and attentive staff. My only complaint is the inconvenient ice machine location. 
12726 Un endroit tres branchouille a deux pas de central park et pour un prix tres raisonnable. Le design des chambres et tres sympa et il ne faut manquer la terrasse sous aucun pretexte, le seul hic: les chambres sont un peu petites. 
12727 I stayed here for the NYC Marathon and was very impressed. The staff were friendly and the room was pretty spacious and nice. The location is very ideal and it is only a block fromthe Park Avenue H&M!!! I would definately stay here again! 
12728 The stuff is unfriendly and unhelpul. The rooms and the bathrooms are nothing special and the rates are high for what they offer. 
12729 Outstanding! Great staff, service and facility. Convenient to other restaurants as well. You will be taken care of here. Staff goes over and beyond from the doormen, to maids. The location to other restaurants is good as well. Can't go wrong on this hotel. 
12730 Great hotel in good location within walking distance of everything. We had a one bed suite with view of empire state building. Staff very friendly especially guy on reception-don't know name but he had been to Edinburgh on student exchange-thank you. 
12731 This HoJo is in a great location for Chicago business. It does not have all amenities, but is clean, convenient, and fairly priced. 
12732 Great location, small comfy clean room, best price/value ratio, best coffee in NY in the lobby, you can't miss the small vendor with a line 1 mile long, his late's or espressos has Starbuck's beat any day. 
12733 Lobby smelt like an indoor pool Chewing gum on wash basin in room Postage stamp sized towels Only 1 bathrobe No room service between 1 & 5pm Not cheap, but with so many great hotels in NYC why go here 
12734 The staff were all very pleasant and went out of ther way to help. The room was small but adequate There was no breakfast which was a negative 
12735 Very small rooms, with not too many amenities. No coffee maker, nor any hair dryer and plastic cups for drinking water! Very clean rooms and within walking distance from nice restaurants and Walgreens but no views to the rooms. Staff is very friendly, and free internet access. 
12736 Ottimo albergo al centro di Manhattan efficiente pulito ideale per turismo a New York. Personale un Po' freddo ma tutto sommato accettabile. Servizi adeguati allo standard di Hilton. Incomprensibile far pagare la stampa di una carta di imbarco 
12737 Location was sensational! Right in Times Square, however it is still quiet enough so you don't hear the hustle and bustle of the city. Room was extremely small, but for the price, one cannot complain 
12738 Sofitel provides you with the BEST location, the BEST suites, and outstanding hotel staff. You will feel like a vip from the moment you arrive. Hotel is new and classy. 
12739 yo si vuelvo a N.Y. aunque la limpieza es floja, volveria al mismo hotal. La situacion buenisima. Cambian las sabanas y toallas todos los dias. Atencion explendida. Tienen consigna para dejar las maletas muy buena. Pedimos cambio de habitacion por mucho ruido y al dia siguiente lo efectuaron. 
12740 Booked 3 nights and stayed for 30 minutes. The hallways smelled like homeless people and the room smelled like an ashtray. The guy at the front desk was obviously high, everything about this place sucked. Don't even consider staying here. 
12741 We had a wonderful stay at the W hotel this week. The employees were kind and the service was prompt. The concierge gave us great recommendations for activities, places to eat and transportation. We would highly recommend this hotel to friends and family. 
12742 esta cerquita del metro , los 24 h xa desayunar, starbucks, dunkin, y limpio q te cambian sabanas y toallas tds ls dias 
12743 Big room and very clean! I got the room for $60.00 from priceline. Worth the $$. 
12744 Great location but small rooms and noisely air con. 
12745 Great location, service, room, staff. Reasonable price for service provided, particularly in Manhattan. Extremely quiet, despite very central location. Beware minibar - a bottle of Evian at 15$ seems like a ripoff. Decent enough gym and facilities. 
12746 A great hotel, near the Times Square, and 5th avenue. Rooms are very nice and quiet, and all people are very relaxed and friendly. Our new favourite hotel in NY, for our next NY-trip. 
12747 exceptional desk staff, courteous staff in general, very polite and willing to help. clean hotel, got my 4am wake up on time etc... greta at the front desk, very very helpful 
12748 I liked the hotel very much but the room was small. Room was large, though, compared to the bathroom. The staff was great, they warmed up to you, the longer you stay. Excellent location for business mixed with pleasure. Would stay here again with a larger room! 
12749 For such a huge hotel in the middle of all the action they provided such a personal kind service to us on the first stop of our honeymoon. The upgrade, champagne and fruit especially thoughtful 
12750 We will stay again 
12751 Where can you stay in New York where the staff knows you by name after the first day? Wonderful location near theatre, shopping and park. Rooms very nice and staff the best in New York. Great Value. Can't wait to visit again. 
12752 This hotel is located about 100 metres from the Magnificent Mile, room was very big and the service was excellent..They even DHLed some luggage that I'd left behind to me in Ireland. Good Hotel Great Service.. 
12753 Very good and convenient hotel in Chinatown on walking distance from Soho and Little Italy. Very clean rooms but sometimes small. Close to subway station Grand Street. Breakfast is simple but decent. Neighboorhood is very lively and to our opinion safe. 
12754 The hotel fulfilled expectations. The room was small, but well equipped and clean. We highly recommended for jewish religious people as breakfast has many things kosher and is served in disposable items. The hotel also is located close to synagogues for Shabbat. Staff service excellent, very friendly. 
12755 What's not to like? Comfortable, clean room. Excellent location - walk anywhere from here. Right on the subway line. Metro cafe on the corner has excellent, inexpensive on-the-go food. We loved the place and would stay there again in a heartbeat. 
12756 My daughter and I enjoyed our stay at the hotel! Staff were friendly and helpful. The staff at the Gaby restaurant provided excellent service and the food was absolutely delicious. We liked it so much and would return. 
12757 Service is very good. The hotel is very nice. The location is fine and we love it. 
12758 GREAT LOCATION! Tacky lobby, crappy rooms, digusting bathrooms........ far too expensive. Out of date.......... however.....GREAT LOCATION! The Hyatt should have a total makeover to come up to todays standard. 
12759 Great room, loved the restaurant, loved how close it was to everything. Their concierge staff was incredibly helpful. 
12760 Fantastic location, rooms very cosy, shame about the nosiy air con. The hotel has a old fashioned look about it which is very pretty. Breakfast is coffee and muffins in the reception area. Would definitly stay again! 
12761 This hotel was a great value for the location. Rooms were small but they had everything you needed and free wi-fi! 
12762 The Parker Meridien has the most helpful staff who can give the scoop on nearby treasures and how to get there. It is also close to the theater district as well as 5th avenue high fashion to 8th avenue restaurant bargains. I wish our stay was longer. 
12763 Great service all around, newly renovated rooms awsome! Great hotel, we always will go back when in NYC on business 
12764 This Hilton was very nice. It was clean and close to MANY places to eat, Times Square and Central Park. Food in the hotel was pricey but just outside the door were many choices. 
12765 My reservation on SPG website did not go through. However, Lauren at the Front Desk was helpful in booking a new reservation. Overall agreta experience. Icannot say enough about the staff at the front desk and overall service. 
12766 Located in a good area with lots of restaurants around and offices on te energy close=by. The hotel is a very good place to stay. The staff is helpful and courteous. The breakfast served is very good. 
12767 Had an overnight layover at IAH. La Quinta had a good price and timely shuttle service to/from the airport. Hotel was clean, check in easy, and overall stay quite good. I will stay again if stranded at IAH. 
12768 What a gem of a hotel in Times square. Staff are fantastic, the rooms are very clean and its close to the main husstle&bussle without it getting in your way. Would recommend to anyone. 
12769 The Hotel Edison very nice rooms clean but on the small size, hallways very warm if hot out side, no ventilation. Restraunt attached to hotel very good food and not expensive at all, very good location. 8/05 
12770 a safe clean comfortable hotel. We boked a family suite, which was spacious, for 4 people, warm and light. The beds are very very comfortable. the lift is tiny, the staff are very very helpful, and the location was great. Fantastic restaurant downstairs, called Big Nics!!! 
12771 The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, and the location of the hotel couldn't be better. The view from the 21th floor was spectacular. The room and bathroom were somewhat small, but overall we were very pleased with our stay at the Manhattan Times Square Hotel. 
12772 great location for times square, theatre district and restaurant row.City bus tour stop 2 mins away.Use the free river cruise2hrs hudson and east side river passing libertey.Empire State best time is half hour before sunset.See view from top in daylight, sunset and night time all in one go. 
12773 Stayed here for 4 nights, Great location and not far from Central station and subway. Ok breakfast and free wifi. Hot drinks avalible 24hours which was great coming back afer a late night Sadly the rooms here are tiny, but keep clean and towels changed daily. 
12774 Dirty, loud, smelly, smallest bathtub I have ever seen it is about one foot tall, no closet, no drapes, and peeling wallpaper. Complained and they did not care. 
12775 Located near to Time Square, Radio City and NY library. Great place to stay. We booked the room with breakfast. Only 1 breakfast course served, do not expect breakfast buffet. As a LeClub member, received 2 complimentary drinks in the pub. That is great! 
12776 el servicio fue excelente,en especial Vicens, Rafael y Sofia. entre todos nos hicieron muy agradablr la estancia y sus indicaciones para las compras y visitas muy acertadas 
12777 Sam in the health club is the best advertisement for the Westin. The hotel is tops. Exception being the rooms were dark. He is the abolute professional besides being a natural host, making one feel welcome and special at once. 
12778 che dire albergo vicinissimo al centro tra la 45 e la madison stanze nella norma pulito,personale gentilissimo ed una hall bellissima...io ci sono stata tra la fine di novembre e i primi di dicembre,e l'albergo era tutto illuminato per le feste natalizie bello!!!! lo consiglierei sicuramente e ci ritornerei.... 
12779 This hotel more than exceeded our expectations. Very clean, adequately large rooms with hard to find double queen beds, great location, helpful staff!! 4 blocks to subway station is a plus. Don't let the Holiday Inn name fool you. This is a very nice place to stay. 
12780 molti vantaggi fra i quali quello della posizione centralissima...siamo anche praticamente sopra la metropolitana,quindi spostamenti facilitati al massimo. personale a tua disposizione in un ambiente da 4 stelle a cominciare dalla imponente lobby. Camere grandi e pulite regolarmente con extra nella norma. Colazioni megagalattiche,ma un po' carucce... 
12781 We have stayed here many times and plan to come back. It is clean and convenient to the subway and of course taxi is always available. The people who work here are polite and extremely helpful, especially Ramona at the front desk. Thank you! 
12782 We were pleased with the special care the staff here offered us. The property was at capacity and the staff was pulled in many directions, taking care of everyone. Even still, they gave great info, provided thoughtful ideas and supported our needs. 
12783 great location. our room was quite large compared to many others i've seen in NYC. helpful staff, though not particularly warm. skews a bit youthful/trendy in design. wall art skews "sexy". fireplace in lobby is great. 
12784 One night stay, but would stay there much longer if I could. Delightful, attentive staff, full of fabulous suggestions. Grand old hotel, has been nicely updated, in the heart of Manhattan, close to everything. Be sure to look for Matilda, the resident cat who roams the lobby. 
12785 Stay in New York City about once a month. This is a great hotel, with very friendly staff. 
12786 The service was excellent. All the staff was extremely courteous. The manager even gave me a small box of chocolates and bottles of water when we checked out to take on our trip home! 
12787 Abbiamo trascorso due notti in questo hotel davvero confortevole. Ha una magnifica terrazza da cui si ha una vista spettacolare Ottima pulizia. E' un hotel modernissimo.Si trova anche vicinissimo a Battery Park, dove abbiamo fatto una bellissima passeggiata lungofiume con panchine, alberi e piccoli ristoranti. 
12788 Clean, friendly staff, nice breakfast included, modern decor, convenient, parking, overall great stay, would definitely stay there again. 
12789 Have been NYC several times. Loved this hotel. Great service, good location and nice accomodations. 
12790 Paramount hotel una eleccion genial para visitar Ny..La atencion desde que uno llega y durante la estancia magnifica, las instalaciones geniales, las habitaciones no son muy grandes pero bastante comodas...muy cerca de todos los puntos de interes para visitar..Muy recomendable este hotel..Ademas con atencion en espanol..100 
12791 siamo rimasti al belvedere 5 notti durante il ns. soggiorno a NYC - ottimo hotel sotto tutti i punti di vista, anche nel prezzo, in quanto poco prima di partire abbiamo preso al volo un'offerta molto conveniente di hotel.com che ci ha fatto risparmiare notevolmente rispetto al prezzo iniziale. 
12792 I love this hotel. The decor is fun and different, the rooms are super cute, the beds are incredibly comfortable, and they use Aveda products for their amenities. I'd reccommend the Hotel Indigo to anyone staying in Chicago for leisure. 
12793 The facility is aged and not that well maintained - doors that don't close, exterior paint deteriorated, dated fixtures and furniture. It is very convenient to the University of Chicago, where I was doing business. 
12794 Extremely clean, nice views, comfy, convenient, nice staff! 
12795 This is the cleanest Motel that I have ever stayed in. The managment of this Days Inn misses nothing, The breakfast menu changes every day, the rooms are spotless, and the managers are so very friendly and easy to work with. I had a wonderful experience with this motel. 
12796 ... And it cost $350 a night! Am I mad to have expected more? Oh and it stank of stale smoke. Oh, and in this 24 hour city, room service stops at midnight. Useless if your plane into town was delayer. 
12797 I was with my family had 2 rooms, comfortable, quiet, clean, airconditioning, good size rooms, near central park, safe area at night, walking distance to attractions, not expensive, no complaints! Grocery stores available, 
12798 beim 10. Aufenthalt in NY habe ich endlich das perfekte Hotel gefunden. Sehr ruhig und doch so zentral gelegen. Hatte das Zimmer 909 und habe den Aufenthalt genossen. Das Zimmer ist mit kostenlosem W-Lan , welches auch noch perfekt schnell war 
12799 Just back from Millennium Broadway and i was very impressed. Location was exceptional, rooms were of very high standard. Staff were extremely helpful upon any requests stayed. Will definitely be coming back again on my next visit. 
12800 great hotel, rooms were very nice, big plasma screen, and nice sights out of the window. Door people and staff were very friendly and helpful, great taxi service outside the hotel and nice little shops and restaurants not too far away from the hotel. 
12801 trop classe j'y retroune....car on a eu un super guide et pis c trop booooooo merci JF d'etre venu avec nous 
12802 This little hotel is awesome! It was under $110 a night with a continental breakfast included. How could you beat that along with $20 parking for 24 hours and only one safe block away from Times Square. We will definately be back! 
12803 Nice place, friendly staff but the rooms are very small so don't plan on spending too much time there. 
12804 This hotel is a gem, old world charm, beautiful appointed rooms, stunning location right across the road from Central Park and 10 minutes walk to Times Square, 7 of us stayed in 3 rooms and all thoroughly enjoyed our stay. 
12805 Hotel was very basic but very clean!! Had everything you needed. Staff very friendly and great location close to 5th ave and all the shops. 
12806 Stayed at Edison hotel NYC in March 2012. Staff was very friendly. Hotel was older but in great condition. Decor was magnificent. Very clean. Would definately stay there again. Location was great, one block to Time Square and good food. 
12807 could have been much better. i booked this place last minute and didn't research before i went. Could have been worse I guess but not impressed. 
12808 Very friendly and quick service--- let me check in as early as 9:30am, even though it said 3pm. Small fridge under the TV in cabinet. The room and bed was very comfortable and clean-- large LCD TV as well and fantastic shower head. 
12809 Got it for around $250 for 3 in a room incl breakfast. Great location, nice room, good breakfast. I would stay agin if the price was right. 
12810 Astor On The Park hotel was perfect: comfortable, clean, pretty and central. I found it in a web site called easy clickt travel for a very fair price( 30$ for a double room), so I felt lucky :) I sure do recommend it for budget minded. 
12811 We got a fabulous room with an amazing view of the crystler building. The staff was by far the friendliest I have ever come across. 
12812 Got an unbelievably great rate on this hotel on Hotwire.com. Cost me more to park my car in their garage overnight than to stay there. Room was terrifically comfortable, quiet, and spacious. Great view of Lake Michigan. Terrific towels, toiletries, bathroom. Highly recommended. 
12813 My husband and I spent one week there in may 11. The hotel is great: room is large, shower very big, great internet connection and very kind stuff. I'd go there again next time! 
12814 I think i was upgraded i have a huuuge room that i could live in. Great location and service. Booked on hotwire. I love the street noise. I love nyc. 
12815 I was surprised here. For the PRICE... As it was a good deal on a very last minute stay. Room was good.. but small lobby was clean. service seemed okay.. only a night... hallways are old ... but overlooked 
12816 La posizione dell hotel era fantastica, a 20 metri dalla metropolitana e a neanche un chilometro da central park ma l'aria condizionata era rumorosissima e non si poteva usare di notte, inoltre cera solo un ascensore per un palazzo di nove piani, il che mi sembra un po pochino... 
12817 The Breakfast only went untill 9 A.M. that is a little early to end breakfast even on the weekends.But over all the price was good and the location was good for us. If in the area again I would be ok with staying here again. 
12818 Great location. Staff were very helpful throughout our three night stay. Close to Times Square, subway etc. Enjoyed the complimentary breakfast and the wifi in the lobby area. Free tea and coffee in lobby 24/7. We'd stay again. 
12819 El hotel esta en una excelente ubicacion, si es tu primera visita a Nueva York tu mejor opcion es el Hotel Hilton New York, tienes todo cerca, la atencion del personal es amable y atenta, lo recomiendo ampliamente, se siente uno como en casa. 
12820 Schoon en confortabel hotel. Lekker ontbijt. Prettige bediening. Voor New Yorkse begrippen zeer betaalbaar. De buurt (Greenwich Village) is erg gezellig. Metro's op loopafstand. We komen zeker tereug! 
12821 Tres bien place juste a cote du terminal, tres belle chambre, et service impeccable.le seul hic, c'est le bruit, nous avons entendu le bruit de l'ascenceur toute la nuit.Les chambres sont mal insonorisees.sinon rien a dire... 
12822 Stay frequently for business. The staff goes out of their way to make sure you are well looked after. My home away from home. 
12823 Me and my friends are spending great times at Park Central. The hotel are very well located, clean and with big rooms. The staff were helpful, especially the manager Ricardo Alvarez. I recomend and well stay here for the next time i come to NY! 
12824 Super midtown location, nice staff, big sized rooms and good facilities - gym, laundry, fridges in rooms. Suited the whole family - including the kids and grandparents... Would recommend highly having stayed and paid much more for other, lesser quality hotels in NYC...:) 
12825 I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Manahatten. Location was great , could get early check-in , so everything was just perfect for us. 
12826 Old, dirty, crowded, rooms are in such bad conditions, broken lamps, furniture, and no words for the wc and shower, avoid this hotel even the location is perfect 
12827 The Tremont is old and needs to be updated and better maintained. But the location is great and the price was right for a long weekend in the windy city. Also being in the hotel with Ditka's as the restaursant was a big plus. 
12828 I currently found a lower rate through expedia for a the same rate room through bestwestern but they refused to match the price. The customer service has not been helpful. It's very unfortunate they've lost a customer for life, for a simple price match. 
12829 A very nice luxury hotel. Pricey but really great location across the street from central park and close to Columbus Circle (which has a delicious Jamba Juice). Everyone had a good time. Only minus was how stuffy the employees were. A snobby type attitude. 
12830 I found this hotel by paging through available listings on Expedia. I had walked by it before, but never stayed there. That is about to change! It was convenient to my (theater/opera) venues, clean and comfortable. 
12831 Really loved thishotel, location is fab, staff extremely helpful, rooms very clean, bathrooms have been redone so all good! Rooms are small but who needs a big room when you are in NY, the hotel is the perfect base to move around NY. 
12832 Everyone there was extremely nice and helpful. Yes the rooms were a bit small but I wasn't going to live there.The best thing is how clean everything is.We would stay again and also recommend The Felix to anyone staying dowtown. 
12833 Very happy with our stay. Nice place. Left car in lot for 8 days, no worries. Not cheap, but good lodging & safe parking 
12834 Got a room with a shared bathroom for about $100 USD. Super cheap for the location!!!! Most hotel rooms in this area are much more $$$... Yea, shared bathroom but not so bad and there is a sink in the bathroom... Great for base to explore New York City. 
12835 Loved the meat packing district like a village fabulous market great shopping even a german beer Keller great for a girls trip shopping food club whats not to like? 
12836 Got a great deal on hotwire. Two bedded room and food was all we needed. Everything was great. I would reccomend this place to everyone. 
12837 Good hotel but we were spoiled from our visit to the Country Inn in San Antonio. Needs some extra attention to the cleanliness of the room. Breakfast was OK 
12838 Although it is uptown, the hotel is near from metro station, so it's easy to go everywhere. Good restaurants nearby if you don't want go far. Staff was very nice and neighborhood was quiet. Just a walk from the Metropolitan. 
12839 Ottimo hotel, tranquillo ma soprattutto comodo, sulla brodway e fuori dal caos della city! metro a due passi!! 
12840 Simply the best. I enjoyed my weekend stay. The service was great. I slept like a baby and was close to everything in Times Square. I stayed with two other friends. Room was spacious and clean. Food was good too. 
12841 recently my husband and I spent memorial day weekend at THE London NYC. The room was breathtaking. The service was impeccable. The staff was very friendly and courteous. We highly recommend this hotel and can't wait until we go back. 
12842 Great location. Average service. Rooms are fine. Sales people are the problem. Because of its location I would recommend this hotel. You only sleep a few hours when you're in New York so for that purpose the hotel are fine. 
12843 Great hotel, clean, everyone friendly, lots of shops and brand name stores nearby, subway around the corner for easy access to everywhere, very reasonable prices, would definitively stay there again!!! 
12844 Tolles Hotel; alles in Ordnung, gerne wieder 
12845 No Room service,Does not even have a sign to find the hotel.Overpriced.Charges you for poor internet service.Don't stay here.I have never stayed in a hotel as overpriced as this one. I do not mind paying for good service and good amenities. 
12846 Stayed here for two nights. Great location! Close to 53 & Lexington subway stop. Very quiet, wonderful beds, linens, and towels. Staff was very, very helpful. Had suggestions and directions for us on travel to Giants game, restaurants, etc. Would definitely stay here again! 
12847 Excellent location. Great service by reception staff!!!!! 
12848 Plesant staff, quiet location, nice clean room, beds in excellent condition and large flat screen TV. Modern furniture. Free WiFi. Walkking distance to Broadway shows. Breakfast in basement was not a big thrill, but it was free and they did make waffles to the order. 
12849 Room was clean...check in and out was quick and easy. Terrific location and is close to Times Square I will return 
12850 We stayed here end of october, staff very friendly and helpful. Cafe breakfast lovely, hotel worth the money for sheer location, very clean and tidy. Value for money it's not the Hilton but we didn't pay for that! 
12851 prima hotel, dicht bij belangrijke bezienswaardigheden. vanuit het hotel veel op loopafstand. simpel, maar voldoende voor overnachten alleen. wel erg gehorig, de hele nacht veel straatgeluiden van Times square. 
12852 I stayed there over Memorial Day weekend for the Cubs/Cardinals game. It very easy to get to just about all the major landmarks in the city. My friends and I had a great time. 
12853 Great hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful. There is a lot do right around the hotel and the subway to get all around Chicago is just steps away from the door. Would recommend this hotel to anyone. 
12854 I went here for the weekend with a friend and had the best time. This is a very cool hotel and bar. Overlook Manhattan while sipping a cocktail. Busy, lively and great for a night out. 
12855 Very NYC like hotel. Very friendly and stylish. The room is very unique and the view is speechless. I was there for biz trip and totally dissapointed that I could not hang around the bar till the night matured. I will def come back here for fun!!!!! 
12856 This hotel is nothing like it suggests! Far away from Michigan Avenue, Navy Pier and everything else in the city! Pay a little extra for The Hyatt or Marriot downtown...the cab rides will make up the difference! 
12857 Great hotel in the heart of Times Square. Walking distance to everything. And the view is spectacular. 
12858 good location v helpful staff large comfortable room free wifi bad breakfast 
12859 Great value! Spacious room and great location in Chicago. Walking distance to Michigan avenue, rush street and all the hidden gems Chicago has to offer. Only issue is that the elevators, only two, are too small and very slow. So be patient and understanding. 
12860 Do not stay here. The employees steal from your rooms. 
12861 I am a senior traveler. The people at the reception desk helped me with dinner reservations, taxis, stairs and responded kindly to my every request. I would certainly choose to stay at the Ace Hotel again and would recommend it as comfortable and fun. 
12862 This is a nice pleasant hotel close to everything! Clean rooms and competent staff. I was here for a week on business and never a problem. 
12863 Fabulous Hotel for the money. Beautiful views of the Chicago River. Friendly staff and excellent doorman who helped with luggage and hailing a cab. On site parking. Rooms were updated, clean, comfortable and quiet. Nice bed linens and choices of pillows. A great value! 
12864 Staff helpful, friendly, hotel room clean, grounds clean. Not noisy. Good experience. 
12865 Great hotel on a top location. Nice view from the restaurant on Time Square. Subway, restaurants and shops are nearby, within walking distance. Friendly staff. We have had a good stay here! 
12866 Just across Seventh Avenue as you exit Penn railway station with direct link to Newark airport. Nice room, great bar and only 10 mins from times square and ESB by foot we stayed four nights 
12867 We would stay at the Essex again. Great pool for the kids and wonderful workout area for active adults. April at the front desk was great. The garage staff was very courteous and helpful. We would recommend this hotel to our friends and family. 
12868 hotel is clean and modern , a bit far from the subway and museums for us but was very nice. free coffee in the morning is always good. help was very helpful. we have no complaints except more light i the bathroom would be good. 
12869 The Omni was perfect for our weekend in NY. It is within walking distance to Times Square, shopping, restaurants, etc. The hotel was comfortable, clean, and provided great service. 
12870 Perfect location, fabulous decor, friendly staff. Went to the spa and was pampered. Lunch at Asiate was excellent. Book a river view room for excellent views. Bathrooms are super luxurious. Highly recommend. I would definitely stay there again!!! 
12871 perfect hotel for tourists and families, big clean nice rooms and very good service. perfect location. 
12872 This is a fantastic location, right of Broadway in Midtown Manhattan just steps from a subway station. The hotel is old and cramped but clean. 
12873 Pros: -good location -friendly staff -decent price for NYC (under $200/night) -unusually comfortable bed Cons -tiny bathroom even by NYC standards -sink didn't drain -small reception area that gets crowded easily Conclusion If you can get this hotel for under $200/night, go for it. Otherwise look elsewhere. 
12874 It was a very nice stay. The room was spotless clean. 
12875 I enjoyed my stay at the Affinia Dumont. The pillow menu was a nice touch. So was the fresh fruit. The room was very clean, beds were comfortable. Really, for a hotel in NYC, what more can you ask for? Thanks TripAdvisor for helping me pick this hotel! 
12876 A wonderful find in New York City. Good location... large room with floor to ceiling window...very comfortable bed....efficient, modern furniture...very clean...free newspaper...and last, but not least, turn down service and fresh towels in the evening. We usually find that only in 5 star hotels. 
12877 I was put up at the St Regis for 2 weeks by my company - I can't say when I've been treated better or enjoyed a stay more than this one. Excellent. 
12878 Posizione ottima, proprio a due passi da Times Square...e nonostante tutto camere silenziose! Camera di dimensioni davvero ristrette! Anche letto ed armadio molto piccoli! Bagno sempre pulito con doccia enorme! 
12879 Just returned from a great four night family holiday at the Affina Dumont, great hotel very central to all shops and sites, in a safe neighbourhood. The staff were very friendly and helpful especially in coping with a glitch as a result of our third party booking. We will return!!! 
12880 Wij hebben Hotel Metro van 26 feb tot 1 maart 2011 bezocht,.Goed gemiddeld hotel, beetje oudbollig maar wel schoon,iedere dag schone handdoeken enz, vriendelijk personeel, goed ontbijt, zeer centraal gelegen, het in en uitchecken was zo gebeurd, gratis internet dus laptop meenemen. Alles bij elkaar zeer tevreden. 
12881 Foi perfeito para o que procuravamos: conforto, limpeza, seguranca e cozinha - economizamos muito fazendo as refeicoes no hotel, a cozinha eh completa e o quarto auite (a mais barata) era muito bom! 
12882 een mooie comfortabele kamer, zeer goed bed, uitstekend verzorgd, schoon en gaf een gevoel van luxe, snelle wireless internetverbinding, inclusief ontbijt, very friendly staff, zeer centraal gelegen, voor NY begrippen echt top en toch betaalbaar 
12883 Very happy overall with this Hilton Property. This Hilton was fairly priced, well located and the service was excellent. The breakfast buffet was very well done and the service was again great. Maria R. and Domingo M. are very friendly and professional. Keep up the good work. 
12884 Loved this hotel, great location, large and stylish rooms and the staff were exceptional and very friendly and helpful. Would've loved more control over the room temperature but this was only a minor gripe and doesn't deflect away from my happiness in choosing this hotel 
12885 El hotel es muy limpio, el desayuno ok, todos los q trabajan en el hotel son muy atentos, las habitaciones son un poco chicas pero muy lindas, la ubicacion ESPECTACULAR, la verdad super recomendable!!! 
12886 Stayed here in February,the hotel is very nice , rooms are kept crisply clean. Staff were warm friendly and more than helpful with everything. It's a great location, well worth a visit, I will definitely go back. 
12887 Pretty much ditto to all the other positive reviews. Have stayed here three times on business in NY and a delight every time. Rooftop bar/view is unbelievable to the most jaded travelers. All around great feel to the place. 
12888 Really like the Wolcott. Great location and excellent value for money. The rooms are clean and comfortable and the muffins are a nice touch in the morning. 
12889 Nice room, well laid out. Little kitchen helpful. Good location quite near two major subway lines. Close to theatre district (walk or take subway). Close to park. Price was reasonable. 
12890 A beautiful hotel, excellent service, the concierges are attentive and always looks for your benefit, the location is great you are in the Michigan Street so is pretty good and if you get a higher room the view is UNBELIEVABLE!!! 
12891 I recently stay at the Parker Meridien, check-in was flawles rooms were small and tired, but it was clean comforable and very good gym. I also enjoyed the bar and my wife loved the dry bar! 
12892 Great location, just 15 minutes walking to Time SQ. Hotel, friendly and welcoming. Clean and tidy. WIFI, free but just in lobby area. Breakfast good, but expensive, would recommend you eat where the local eats, cheaper and gives you a great NY experience 
12893 The rooms in this hotel are tiny. Plus, you cannot have your own drinks at the mini bar, they would charge you for removing existing stuff. In addition, I did not get SPG points because I booked through Expedia (contrary to what the staff stated). 
12894 This hotel has a great location and well priced. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. 
12895 La camera (matrimoniale) in cui ho soggiornato era davvero molto piccola, ma assolutamente funzionale e pulita! L'hotel ha un ottima posizione, a pochi passi dal cuore di Manhattan (Rockfeller Center, St Patrick, Fift Avenue). Consiglio assolutamente! 
12896 if you are used to 5 stars European Radissons, don't go to the Lexington one: small rooms, even by NY standards, mediocre service, lousy b'fast. Overall pricey and aged. But the location is good. really, it is a 3 stars -even if they do not say so. 
12897 Laurelin provided great personal service, which made my trip that much better in a city that I very much enjoy visiting for business and pleasure. 
12898 Uitstekende ligging in het hart van het centrum vlakbij het meer. De kamers zijn verassend netjes en vrij ruim. Het personeel geeft een warm onthaal en zeer nuttige reistips, echt een aanrader. Bovendien ligt de prijs zeer laag. 
12899 My daughter and I went to stay for 7 nights and found it a very pleasant hotel with very helpful staff 
12900 We stayed here January 2012 for 4 nights. The hotel was dark and cozy with a very welcoming bar area! Staff were really helpful, beds were so comfy and location was unbeatable. A definite hotel to recommend. 
12901 What a great place to stay for two days :) I was skeptical when it comes to staying at the hotel but this place was awesome! 
12902 posizione ottima per qualsiasi destinazione. Camere pulite con ottimi letti/materassi, anche se il bagno e pittosto piccolo. Hotel nuovo con personale gentilissimo e disponibile. Colazione buona e varia.Qualita'/prezzo ottima. 
12903 Hotel motlo grande, molto centrale, molto bello. Unico piccolo disagio, il letto matrimoniale standard di misura ridotta (una piazza e mezzo?). Scegliere se possibile i letti king. Pulizia curata, personale professionale e gentile. 
12904 I had low expectations, honestly. But this was a decent hotel in a great location. The hotel shows some wear, but it was very clean and adequate for a great shopping trip to the city. Great value this time of year too ( ny in December is very pricey). 
12905 We like to stay at the Crowne Plaza Metro because of it's proximity to the United Center when Cirque du Soleil is in town. The staff is VERY cordial and will immediately remedy any problem. Will be back! 
12906 Per le camere non lo riprenderei piu'(vecchie,strette ma pulite) ma siccome a New York in albergo ci vai solo il tempo di dormire...lo riprenderei altre 100 mila volte perke' e' situato in una posizione strategica.consiglio vivamente. 
12907 The Plaza benefits from perhaps the best location in New York. Whilst an expensive hotel, the service is excellent and far from stuffy. The public areas are buzzing but the rooms quiet and well appointed. If you can afford it why stay anywhere else 
12908 Perfect W experience! Great location, helpful staff, great room! 
12909 Beautiful art-deco building on the river with big rooms and a marvelous view at the rivers and skyscrapers -should ask at arrival room with view. 
12910 I'm surprised by the negative reviews. I stayed there for a week in April 2003 and everything was just fine. I guess things have changed since then, but I had no problems whatsoever. 
12911 Habitaciones amplias y agradables. La ubicacion esta un poco apartada del downtown y sin coche esta un poco apartado de todo. Destacar que tiene un shuttle gratuito al centro comercial Galeria, que esta verdaderamente bien 
12912 Dreadful, small dark unfriendly staff! I realise this is New York but this was awfuk window looked onto a concrete wall, didnt open. room so tiny I coudlnt open my case! 
12913 Great place to stay, I am never disapponted at LaQuinta. Easy access to MD Anderson, shuttle provided. They are also close to Reliant Park (ballgames). Other guests we friendly and helpful as well as the staff. 
12914 Make sure you get a room with a view of the park. Pay extra to have access to the lounge where you have gourmet free food and drink. This includes breakfast, lunch and heavy appetizers in the evening. The beds and linens are fabulous and the service is excellent. 
12915 Very clean hotel, staff is really nice and happy to help. Located in the heart of Time Square, great restaurents and night live around the corner. 
12916 Excellent location, good hotel, nice rooms, helpful staff, what else can you ask for? 
12917 We had a very enjoyable stay at this charming, traditional hotel. The location is fabulous and our room was very spacious with a really comfortable bed and two walk-in closets. We'd definitely recommend The Carlyle to anyone looking for a stay at an exclusive address in New York. 
12918 good location. noisy ventilation in the yard cold bathroom expensive minibar and internet as well breakfast. friendly staff twice room preperation a day spa need some brush up special steam room 
12919 The location is great, the staff very friendly and very accomodating to my requests. The room was very clean. The front desk staff were very kind and patient, always had a nice tone with me. the restaurant was fantastic. 
12920 Close enough to walk everywhere but not as noisy as many areas in Manhattan. Will definitely stay here again, staff very helpful and great value. 
12921 The Intercontinental Barclay is ideally located for all main attractions, theatreland , shops and short cab to Ground Zero.Enjoyed short stay prior to Xmas. Rooms are good size by NY standards. 
12922 bellissimo hotel di classe in una posizione straordinaria..vicinissimo alla 5th avenue,times square,rockfeller center...camera molto bella e spaziosa. Unica piccola pecca..bagno un po piccolo. Ma sicuramente nell insieme tutto perfetro! Lo consiglio! 
12923 The location is perfect (Midtown) and the newly renovated room was very nice. However, the staff were surly and not very friendly or helpful. 
12924 Right location, right level of comfort, stunning view and access to a private lounge away from the hustle and bustle. All in all very good stay and the staff were excellent and informative. 
12925 The location of the hotel couldn't be more perfect.All the personal were very kind and very nice,specially Jacob and Julio (who find us a taxi in a bad rainy day!). We don't have bad things to say about.If we come back to New York,we will repeat 
12926 Some great and friendly staff. Occasional sour faces on reception. 
12927 Good location for travel: close to O'Hare and right off of 90. It's just after the Chicago tollbooth. It's quiet with typical no frills, but decent decor. 
12928 Ottimo alberghetto per pernottare, zona tranquilla a pochi isolati dalle attrazioni principali. Camere con arredamento moderno non molto ampie ma confortevoli. Tutte le camere sono con due letti king size. Gentile lo staff alla reception e sempre disponibile in caso di bisogno. Posizione favorevole rispetto all'aereoporto di Newark 
12929 We stayed at the Affinia for 3 nights in july 2012. The location is great, in walking distance from major attractions and close to the subway. Our room was nice, clean and unexpected large! The staff is friendly, but one bellboy was way too pushy for tips. 
12930 Nice clean spacious! Connected to Grand Central. Great Location!! Definately will stay there again. 
12931 A fabulous hotel. We would absolutely stay here again. The hotel is all about service and elegance and succeeds at both. The staff is professional and attentive. A great place to stay. 
12932 Best place to stay at while in NYC. The location is great and the rooms are clean and spacious. The staff is always welcoming. It has a great restaurant and bar. My family truly enjoyed our stay. We hope to return soon and stay at the Warwick hotel once again. 
12933 The great thing about this hotel is that unlike many others in Chicago, the rooms are large and have two queen (not double) beds. Also having the Weber Grill restaurant on property is convenient, if for no other reason than its bar. Be aware, however -- no complimentary continental breakfast! 
12934 Last month I was at the Radisson Lexington Hotel. The rooms are comfortable and the service is very good. Especially the Guest Relations Manager Mariya Andriyenko is awesome, always aware of everything. Highly Recommended. I hope to return soon! 
12935 Rooms were comfortable, staff all friendly, convenient to Hobby Airport. The hallways are long here. Great shower. Attended a conference here and the food was served nicely and was good for conference food! 
12936 Was in New York in Easter Weekend, and this was almost my last alternative. Was very expensive, but i am happy spending time in this Hotel. 
12937 We had a great time staying with On The Ave. The service was great, the room was wonderful and the unbrellas were helpful. Ihe balcony is a real treat and the location is super. the subway is 2 blocks away and conventient. We will be back soon! 
12938 My husband and I have stayed at the Marriott Hotel a number of times, and once we discovered this amazing hotel we have never stayed anywhere else when vacationing in NYC. The rooms are clean and comfortable, staff is attentive and friendly and accommodating i really loved. 
12939 The room was great! Everyone who worked there was so nice. I am totally planning on staying there again the next time I'm in the city. 
12940 My only problem with this hotel was the staff. The hotel clerks were rude and not willing to help. The rest of the staff was actually ok.The location is great and the beds are very, very comfortable. The room was very clean too. There wasn't a minibar in the room. 
12941 This a very clean, and conveniently-located hotel. There are two premium restuarants within walking distance. Domingo Martinez was very helpful, and went out of his way to provide excellent service to my family during a weekend stay recently. 
12942 Stayed in large room for 5 people with spouse & 2 teenage daughters - faculties were great for the value and location very good to get around NY subway 
12943 booked in to the hotel for four nights. There was no one to sort out the sheets and no one to take messages. Not a place to stay unless you had to. 
12944 Loved our stay. Hotel staff was very knowledgeable and extremely friendly. Close proximity to Navy Pier as well as all shopping. Fitness center was the best I've ever seen in any hotel. Had these really cool refrigerated towels for use after a workout. Very refreshing. Will definitely stay here again. 
12945 Location was perfect for us. The room was a little small but we were active and not in the room for very long. Very comfortable, housekeeping staff was very helpful, room service fast. The lobby in the hotel was very welcoming as were all of the staff--reception, bellmen, wait staff. 
12946 Not bad, noisy and expensive to park, small room, restaurant was also expensive. Friendly staff 
12947 Great hotel and if you like to workout go to the fitness club and see Sam. He is very knowledgeable and will give you private attention and advice at no charge (you will want to tip him as he is great). From an Insanity workout guy !!! 
12948 Awesome modern lobby. Quick and easy check in via the front desk. The rooms are very nice, updated, modern,and the size is really large for Manhattan. The location is right next to Grand Central Terminal with easy access to all New York City has to offer. 
12949 This hotel was very convenient for business at the Willis Tower. Check in and checkout were speedy and efficient. Club room was small, but for just myself it was cozy. Dinner right next door at the Elephant and Castle highly recommended. Will definitely return for future business trips. 
12950 Wonderful boutique hotel, marvellous funky yet elegant decor, and the best service. 
12951 We were on the 36th floor with amazing views, the beds were extremely comfortable, the rooms very clean and the staff helpful and polite 
12952 I would give it a 2, but the people working there were very nice. Very unimpressive and nothing like the pictures online. They made a mistake by updating the lobby (but not the rooms). The location is nice - but the rooms are very old 
12953 Best location, comfortable, predictable, and friendly staff. Nice recent remodeling that maintained some of the original 1990s look and feel. 
12954 Geweldig vriendelijk schoon en relaxt verblijf gehad met het hele new york gevoel in het hotel. Luxe en hip. Zeer vriendelijk en behulpzaam personeel! Ook de bar bovenop het dak is een aanrader om te bezoeken! zeer mooi uitzicht! 
12955 One never knows what they will get for $50.00 but this motel is a jewel. Yes, they could provide tissues or? The front desk was helpful and a pleasure to communicate with. Back to Houston i will defintiely stay again. Close to downtown and the sports stadium. 
12956 Everyone was so courteous and friendly. The champagne and cake was awesome. I was able to surprise my husband and he loved everything about the hotel. We'll definitely be back!:-) 
12957 good business hotel, well located, clean rooms with comfortable bedding, nice health club to work out. 
12958 Check in was fast, staff polite and the rooms clean. The hotel is very modern and was in an ideal location close to many attractions. Although there was construction going on nearby, the stay was not effected and I had a wonderful experience. 
12959 This hotel lives upto the Marriott name. Great location. Close to Times Square, Central Park, Rockefeller Center. Subway ride to Battery Park and the Statue of Liberty. The staff was awesome and the room was perfect. 
12960 Great service, great location. Very friendly and helpful staff. 
12961 I got upgraded to one of the hotel's new suites. The room was spacious, clean, shiny, new and very well appointed. The location is perfect - very close to bars, restaurants and shopping. 
12962 Room 226-- Not horrible- had a hair dryer and ironing board and iron. Not a big deal to some people but it is to me! Unit was clean and tolerable for the price. 
12963 Loved this Hilton. Everyone was extremely accommodating and friendly. Great view of Lake Michigan and the park. Wonderful place to stay if you are looking for a place to walk...or run, after a day of work or play. Just cross Michigan Ave. and the park awaits! 
12964 A beautiful hotel in a perfect position to see everything in New York. Serves the best breakfasts ever. 
12965 Older hotel - adjoining door - I could hear a child talking all the time. Not in a great area of town. Better hotels & better part of town about 8 miles away. Service good, staff very nice. Needs a lot of updating. Free breakfast was good. 
12966 Stayed here in 2005 and the remodel has vastly improved the property. Very sleek modern rooms with amenities like flat screen tv, wifi, coffee maker and free breakfast make this the best value in NYC. Friendly efficient staff add to the experience. Will definitely stay again 
12967 suite was big and perfect for three people, not central location but not too bad, take aways and shops near by. staff were helpful. overall good stay 
12968 The Pierre is a beautiful hotel which is ideally located for shopping and strolls in Central Park. All other attractions are easily accessed. The staff could not be more courteous or attentive. It was a weekend of truly gracious living. 
12969 What a treat to find a charming hotel within walking distance of Grand Central and the theaters. As a solo female traveler who goes to NYC on business, I felt pampered. 
12970 An excellent well situated hotel with helpful staff and a great rooftop for breakfast. 
12971 Everything abut the Omni is first class - from the helpful front desk staff to the traditionally elegant and comfortable rooms. First rate bath amenities are provided (including bathrobes), and the beds were good, though perhaps not up to the standards set by Westins. I'd stay here again, anytime. 
12972 Cannot rate this hotel highly enough...location, room size, service....will recommend this hotel to everyone I know because it was just perfect for a wonderful trip to an amazing city!! 
12973 Stayed here for three nights for a trade show. Great location. Food / beverage service needs to step up when a convention is on prem. I need to see this hotel when its not packed. Good experience overall. 
12974 This hotel was wonderful. It was clean, safe & in a great location. My husband said he had the best breakfast in his life at the Serafina. Staff was freindle except the girl when we checked in. Will stay again. 
12975 Wi-fi gratuito, personale cortese, vicino al centro, camera spaziosa! in poche parole un hotel perfetto!! 
12976 Fun Hotel that was nice and clean in a great location. All the employees went out of their way but David the valet went the extra mile every time we needed him. 
12977 Not that much noise considering your staying in a busy city, had a deluxe double so bit more room, but all refurbished rooms have lovely decor,great location,nice restaurant on site, good value for money...cant fault hotel at all.As a uk travel agent, i would definately recommend to my customers..good choice! 
12978 Price was better than most of Manhattan, there was free wifi and attached parking. Otherwise it was not much. Claustrophobic corridors, no curtains, lousy view, not much in the way of amenities. But it was what we needed spending most of our time sightseeing. 
12979 Small cramped room, Dust bunnies on the floor. Television was not HD, You have to pay for internet. I would have expected much more for them price we paid. You are totally paying for the location. 
12980 I was very impressed by the Chambers Hotel. The whole place is very stylish with a lot of thoughtful details to discover. Thus, I highly recommend the Chambers. It definitely makes a stay in New York extra-special. 
12981 This hotel was located in a nice area, was very clean and the staff was friendly and helpful. 
12982 Hotel ligt prima om vanuit naar verschillende bekende bezienswaardigheden te gaan. Wij deden dat vaak tevoet en met de metro. Hotel staat in een relatief rustige straat waar je goed slaapt. Hotelkamer is complact, netjes en voorzien van een lekker bed en goede douche. Personeel vriendelijk. 
12983 Nice businesshotel, well situated and very good staff specially at the bar. Lounge also serviced nicely, although breakfast buffet at the lounge could be better - definitely too few choices. Support from concierge a bit slow and room was made after 16:00 the first day, which is very late 
12984 This was the second time we stayed in the Crowne Plaza and both times we had a great time. Great staff, clean rooms and great location. Every staff person we encountered was happy to assist. We will stay here again and I would recommend this hotel. 
12985 The people who work at the Four Points are really nice, but the property is really gross. I am not a picky person and this place was just really way overpriced for the room not being very clean and the small size of the room. 
12986 Our first trip to New York could not have been better and Le Parker Meridien really made our stay first class. The position - our room overlooked Central Park - was terrific. Everything about the hotel was first class. 
12987 The staff was friendly and helpful, and the room was spotless and comfortable. The location can't be beat. I'm delighted I chose the Belvedere. 
12988 Great hotel, handy for Times Square. Food in the restaurant was excellent and the terrace was a nice place to sit. Staff were friendly and helpful. Would certainly stay here again. 
12989 Great location, excelent service an recently remodeled rooms. I am a regular at the Warwick when I travel to NYC. Check out the bar scene at night! 
12990 I traveled twice to this hotel, once in May with another couple and again in June with my boyfriend. It was quiet, had a restaurant downstairs., coffee makers, and ome have refrigerators and microwaves. Good stay 
12991 We went with my family fornx mas and new years eve for 1 week.Almost everything was excellent!i loved our room the room service an the pancakes!!! But the service wasn t so good we ordered an omelet twice and it never appeared in our table!!,!,!,! 
12992 We stayed here in the end of June and it was perfect situated close to Time Square. The beds were great, slept so good...The staff was really helpful and did there absolute best to help us out with every thing we asked for. 
12993 This hotel is not very well run. The room was not cleaned, junk on the floor, no bath mat on the floor, and they left dirty towels in the room for us to use again. I would never stay here again. 
12994 My firend and I stayed here from 21st to 27th April and it was a pleasure. The staff (especially Mike) were extremely friendly and helpful. The hotel is located within easy walking distance of everything we wanted to see. Our next stay in New York will definately be here. 
12995 Hotel is in a great location... nice lobby... No problems here.. rooms are nice... Updated decor.. Recommended... Only 1 tiny bad feedback... housekeeping is a little sloppy...but nothing to bad... 
12996 We stayed here for the first time, but we we''ll come back the next time we are going to NY, what a nice room, beds, and what a nice view!!!! Everything is nearby. 
12997 I had such a nice time here.....the staff were friendly, rooms gorgeous and the location is the best!!! 
12998 Lobby with a terrific staircase, large rooms, large luxury bathrooms, restaurant is beautiful but not for those on a budget. Good location for shopping. Not far from Grand Central Station. 
12999 Great location, great room on the 35th floor. The cleaning ladies where super nice The receptionists where not the best they mumbled when they spoke and they where very cold, not very customer orientated. 
13000 It is a great location but the rooms need a little face lift. Close to Times Square and all the essentials for a great trip to New York. Have used this hotel for the past 4 years and would recommend to all my friends. 
13001 Just reopened, I think it was under a different name, happy they changed to Westin. The room was the new Westin look, comfortable and classy and the views are great. The restaurant wasn't open yet and their meeting space is nice with natural lighting. 
13002 Stayed here for a night with family visiting from out of town. Good location, could walk most places. The room was spacious for NYC standards. Huge bathroom. Comfy bed (made our mid-afternoon siesta quite refreshing!) and room was clean and modern. Staff was professional and friendly. Overall, a great stay! 
13003 nice clean hotel. currently finishing renovations. Rooms are small but renovated. no amenities in hotel. quick service. VERY close to times square (45th between Broadway and 6th av.) 
13004 good for 115 bucks US per night. 
13005 Our first surprise when we arrived at noon was that we would be charged $2 per bag till the room was ready at mid-afternoon. Considering we were guests, this seemed a bit much. No complementary coffee in room. No battery in TV remote control. Weird layout to hotel. 
13006 This was my first time in New York and your hotel was recommended to me. It is in a good location and was very clean. 
13007 Wonderful hotel in a great location. Close to the theaters, great restaurants and all the stuff you want to do when you visit NYC. The staff is awesome and very helpful. The rooms are large and clean. I would absolutely return there to stay when I visit NYC again. 
13008 This hotel was great. It was in a great location, very clean and comfortable, and the staff was very friendly. I would love to stay there again 
13009 We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. Although we had to wait till about 4pm to get our room, the room was clean. The staff was helpful. Location was great, close to subway stops. Would stay here again. 
13010 Myself and 5 girlfriends stayed at the Wolcott. We chose it because they offered rooms with 3 twin beds which was perfect for 6 girls. We were very pleased with the price, convenience, cleanliness and staff. 
13011 Check in: typical New York "I am busy,next please attitude", but OK: Room: Very Nice, on the upper floor, comfortable beds, clean, LCD TV. Excellent! Walkin distance from 5th avenue and Central Park, go ahead and book this!!! 
13012 The service that I experienced was wonderful. Everyone was eager to accomodate my requests. The room was clean and well decorated. The Westin is centrally located for my business needs. 
13013 I loved this hotel! The rooms are really small even for NYC, but beautifully modern and stylishly decorated. It's a "scene" more than a hotel - incredibly lively and fun! The staff was fabulous - so friendly, down-to-earth, and accomodating. Great location, too! 
13014 We stayed here around New year's day. The stuffs are kind and the room was new and clean. This hotel is so close to the subway station. Breakfast service was also good. Pverall, it was more than our expectation, except for the price. It was expensive a little. 
13015 I come to New York a few times a year and it can become pricey. I have tried to combine value with price and finally have found the winner!!! Great concierge service, room accommodations, great bed, roomy, community level of all amenities and entertainment. Love it! 
13016 Accommodations, service and location - all superb! Quiet (well, as quiet as it can be in NYC), comfortable room. Just a brief stroll to Times Square and easy access to shops and the theatres. Will definitely book here again. 
13017 Great hotel with fantastic staff. Service was excellent at all levels, especially Sam at the WESTIN WORKOUT. He went the extra mile to assure your experience was the best. 
13018 Me and the girls stopped through here on a 5 city 3 state road trip. By the time we got here we certainly needed the rest. Great location with restaurants around. The bed was heavenly and the hotel staff was very nice. 
13019 The location could not be better for a cheap hotel in NYC. Rooms are clean and the staff is helpfull. Be aware that some rooms has a shared bathroom, which you can check when booking. Dont expect too much from the breakfast. Toast and cofee is all you are offered. 
13020 My family and I stayed here for 5 days and it was acceptable based on the price. The room was clean and the staff was helpful. We spent most of our time enjoying New York and only slept in the room. 
13021 What else can I say. You see all the positive reviews here, so add mine to the list... 
13022 Hotel situated on downtown Chicago. Very close to millennium park and all main attractions. Free wifi connection in the hall of the hotel. 
13023 Fantastic location and very very friendly customer service. The only place I'll stay in Chicago from now on. 
13024 My Husband and I spent Christmas here ,the hotel was great, close to everything,we were on the 40th floor and could see everything. The rooms were clean and pretty, friendly helpful staff what more could you want? Be sure to try Virgil's BBQ across thew street better than Beale Street 
13025 Have stayed at the New Yorker twice now and would go back again. Location in 8th Ave is excellent - near subway and Penn Station. View from the rooms is amazing. Very clean. 
13026 My husband's company chose our hotel and I think they should now make all our travel arrangements, because the Roosevelt was perfect. No complaints about the room, the service, or the restaurant. The lavish bar, tended by Eddie, was a fun retreat every evening. 
13027 Wow location in this vibrant city. Come out of the hotel and step onto Times Square! We were upgraded and had a superior large room with great views. Rooms could have some attention. 
13028 We enjoyed our stay at the Alden. The staff was so accomodating and so very friendly. The hotel location was perfect for walking to local restaurants. The rooms were comfortable. 
13029 I read bad comments about Carter but hotel is quite good and in best possition!!! 
13030 No internet (even at lobby), crappy and small room, nothing is good about this hotel.. Its called boutique hotel in expedia undisclosed hotels booking..please stay away from this hotel.. 
13031 I find it beautiful, well designed. things that helps and attract your stay 1. clean rooms 2. Good Washrooms 3. Good elevators and escalators 4. The retaurant is so beautiful. Nice ambience. 5. Ice Dispenser on all the corners of the galleries of the rooms (i find it very convenient) 
13032 This is our second time staying for a long weekend at the Belvedere. Once again, we were very happy with the experience; beautiful CLEAN room, nice view, helpful staff. For the price in NYC, definitely worth it. 
13033 I absolutely loved my stay at Hotel Mela from beginning to end! The staff was friendly extremely professional and accommodating! The room was lovely, modern ,sleek and clean. The bed was super comfy! Great location! I have nothing negative to say I would stay here again in a heart beat! 
13034 I love this hotel. The staff is so friendly and the rooms are immaculate! I will only stay at this hotel when traveling to Houston. Kuddos to Anna, the front desk staff. The breakfast is always hot and fresh and they have cookies in the afternoon for a snack. 
13035 Hotel Stanford is great located next to Macy`s, Briant Park, Empire State, Broadway and 5th Avenue. But the best of all is the fantastic service you get from the front desk. They are friendly, polite and always helpful ! 
13036 A wonderful stay in New Yorks history. Far better than a chain. 
13037 A small room for a family, but it did the job well. The express breakfast was well organised with good pancakes and a good variety of breakfast in general. The place is well situated for times square and beyond. 
13038 A good location hotel with big rooms and excellent service. 
13039 we came to NY for our 22nd anniv and loved our room at the Hilton Club!! would definitely recommend- just say no to the sales pitch! 
13040 Great location... Great staff. Very easy to work with! Very accommodating. Price of room was very reasonable. 
13041 Excellent location, can walk to most shopping. Excellent, friendly service. Comfy beds and pillows. Very clean. Rooms somewhat small but We weren't in there except to sleep. Great value, parking just across the street. 
13042 We stayed at the Fairmont for 3 nights and had a 12th floor corner room. The room was large, clean and comfortable. The staff was helpful, especially the concierge. It was within walking distance of many sites. We would stay here again. 
13043 As you say, you get what you pay for, but even chain Motels are better than this! I would NEVER advise any friend of mine to stay here as I would be to embaressed. Excellant location, but oh dear what a dump! Dreadful! 
13044 Good-looking, clean, everything worked, all the employees were friendly and helpful. Good location for Times Sq., just a bit away from all the action. Quiet. I would stay there again. No complaints. Great price from Orbitz. 
13045 Typical hotel, just at the center of Theater District, 100 m away from Times Sq. and Broadway. Some subway stations of diff. lines are also on 2-3 minutes by step. Rooms are tiny, just a narrow pass around the bed. Free Internet access via 2 computers at the ground floor. 
13046 Nice hotel - has everything you need, meeting rooms, fresh water to drink, fresh coffee, rooms are quiet and clean. 
13047 Our check in was quick and easy. Our accommodations were spacious, comfortable, and very clean. Everyone was so nice. 
13048 Stayed 7 days, loved location, facillities excellent and staff very friendly and helpful. Strongly recommend. 
13049 Very clean, friendly, quiet and affordable. Real feel of NY-not tourist-y. Never had to wait for a bathroom. Closeness to Union Square and subway made it super easy to get around town. 
13050 Great location. Very clean. Friendly Staff. 
13051 I've stayed at ZaZa Houston a few times... maybe it's the size of the place verses the more quaint sister property in Dallas that makes it less appealing. Still a nice hotel. The theme rooms can be fun. Over all though, I still prefer ZaZa Dallas! 
13052 We stayed at the Soho Grand & loved it. It was in a great location (next to lots of shops & restaurants), the food was great, and hotel staff was very friendly! 
13053 Great location in the heart of it all. The rooms are 2-room suites and by-far one of the largest rooms you will find in NYC. I thought it might be too noisy being right in Times Square -- not a problem, slept great. 
13054 I recently attended a work meeting at this hotel and stayed for several nights. The accommodations were fine. Cool elevator system (high tech), though there was usually a line to get on an elevator. The food was par to sub par. Good location. Nice views. 
13055 Wallpaper, bathroom- just about everything could use an update. The vacuum cleaner does not get in the corners or edges and it showed in our room. There was an unpleasant smell in our room every time we walked in. I ended up buying a plug-in deodorizer to help with that. 
13056 Great boutique hotel close to the baseball field, theaters, music. Expensive but excellent restaurant, reminicent of a small New York restaurant. Accommodating staff. 
13057 We stayed at the Radisson Martinique, choosing this because I could use my Goldpoints. We were allowed to check in early, upgraded , and allowed a later checkout because of flight times. The rooms on the penthouse level were newly remodeled and clean. 
13058 Big room, excellent food! Great location, attached to Galleria Mall. Rooms are pricey, but worth the price. A little confused upon my arrival since there are 2 Westin hotels at the Galleria. Overall, good experience. 
13059 fab amazin!!re fab staff particular domestic !brill beds g oreous room 20017 
13060 Exceptional hotel. I am sure i will be a repeat customer. The staff is very nice and professional. The rooms are always clean and comfortable. 
13061 Es un hotel antiguo, le hace falta algo de renovacion pero esta ubicado a muy pocas calles de times square y de la zona de teatros, el central park, rockefeller center. Ademas siempre fueron muy rapidos para la limpieza de las habitaciones y la dejaban muy bien. 
13062 This place was decent enought. The rooms and the hotel did seem a little too worn in. Could use some updating. However, the property was kept clean. Can't beat their warm breakfast. 
13063 Overall good hotel, nice location for just about anything you want to do and good staff. Will be back for sure. 
13064 As always, the standard excellent rooms at a Renaissance. Its located a bit south of the city which is OK if you don't want to be downtown. The only thing i was less than happy with was the food service. For a Renaissance, the food quality was pretty average. 
13065 Small room but everything clean & room well appointed. Arrived NY on NJTransit. Walked the 2 blocks to hotel to save $55 daily parking fee. 
13066 Jay at the front desk was awesome! Will definitely come back to see him. Excellent service. 
13067 The room was your standard run of the mill rooms, nothing extraordinary. Location was very convenient to Penn Station and the Javitz Center, although the street was rather dark at night. No real complaints other than the fact that I thought it was rather pricey at roughly $450/night (including taxes). 
13068 I just got back from staying at this hotel, it is a new hotel and is close to all the sights, got a rate of 180.00 per night off their web site. you get a free breakfeast with your stay rooms are little small but nice and clean. 
13069 I have stayed at the Broadway Plaza many many times and I love it. It is in the heart of the Perfume District.....some good bargains there. The rooms are really good. Do not be swayed by its surrounding areas..this is a great place to stay. 
13070 Just used Indigo for my wedding party and they went above and beyond to accomodate my guests. The area is so nice and the rooms were fresh. Rhonda was the best! If you need a comfortable place at a good price for your guests, choose the Indigo! 
13071 Expensive but fabulous stay at down town NYC at Christmas time. 
13072 I thought this hotel was a great value. The price was good and I had no problems with the room and staff. For this price range, choose this hotel. 
13073 We were pleasantly surprised of what we got for the price. The staff was indeed incredible...quickly responsive, informative, and helpful. The kitchenette was also very nice to have. 
13074 I have used the Courtyard Marriot Hotel on several businesstrips, and I keep returning. Clean, comfortable, and close by main roads. Several eating/drinking options just out the door and Galleira shopping Mall is just accross the road. Recommended. 
13075 Albergo in ottima posizione. Buon servizio, camere accoglienti. Soltanto un po rumoroso (dovuto essenzialmente alle apparecchiature esterne del condizionamento d'aria). Ottimo il servizio a buffett della prima colazione. Senzaltro da raccomandare 
13076 Voor ons belangrijjk dat er goede bedden waren, een goede douche, schone lakens en handdoeken. Ontbijten deden wij elders op weg naar een toeristische trekpleister. Het hotel ligt perfekt! Prijs/kwaliteit is goed. Onderhoud is wat achterstallig maar dit weegt niet op tegen de voordelen. Personeel is behulpzaam en vriendelijk. 
13077 the rooms were so clean, and that is a big plus in my book. i can truly say that i will stay there time and time again, your front desk staff has been upggraded very well also. 
13078 Stayed here in Sept of 2004 for 3 nights. Great location right in Times Square yet the room was very quiet. The staff was friendly and the room was a nice size. Best of all, free high speed internet! I would stay here again! 
13079 We spent only two nights there. The hotel is alright. But service was so poor... They will have to work very hard on this matter. 
13080 nothing special here, but purchased well in advance, the price was right. Hotel alleges to have been renovated but it is not apparent. It is well worn, elevators come to a hard stop, it is a tired but adequate place 
13081 Service from the front desk and bellman staff was excellent. Room was very comfortable and quiet. Only down side was the price, but probably in line for Midtown Manhattan. 
13082 I have stayed in many hotels in NYC over the years and I can't remember a nicer experience than Yotel. Great service, affordable price, super clean room, very modern decor and efficient room distribution. I will definitively stay there again. This place really rocks! 
13083 bellman michael v. was knowledgable courteous and helpful and should be considered an asset to your organization. 
13084 Spent a few nights in the Mayfair and enjoyed it very much, fantastic location, was very clean and friendly helpful staff. And the windows did a good job of keeping out New York traffic noise :) 
13085 Easily accessible location, close to subway, shopping and the magnificent 9/11 memorial. 
13086 The New York Palace is especially beautiful at Christmas. The room was large and comfortable. Turndown service (w/a chocolate) was a nice touch. The location, behind St. Patrick's is perfect for walking in the city. Staff was friendly and helpful; looking forward to staying here, again. 
13087 Hotel is clean an staff is fine. Location is not the most convenient in Chicago. You are better off staying in River North for the price. 
13088 I did extensive research and settled on this hotel. Wonderful experience! The staff was great and helpful! They sent us to fabulous restaurants, gave us umbrellas when it rained, gave us complimentary wine. Very clean and the beds were dreamy. Great location. We will go back! 
13089 I stayed here with my family of 5 in July 2012, the hotel suited our needs and was the best value for money in Manhattan. However don't expect a 5 star experience, it's a basic and clean hotel in a good location. 
13090 This hotel is in a great location, is extremely comfortable, and has an excellent staff that treats guests like they are welcome friends in their own homes. This is the first place I look for rooms when I come to NYC. 
13091 After checking a few options, I'm glad I found this place - no complaints. Best deal for location, quality of room and friendly staff. Breakfast was substantial (although the same every day), subway station with many lines is only a 100 meters away. 
13092 Rooms were clean, very small, could hear everything going on around you (no privacy and hard for kids to sleep), pretty bare bones. But completely fine. Would stay again for the price. Kids loved swimming pool!!! 
13093 sehr nettes, familiaeres Hotel fast direkt am Times Square. Zimmer nicht uebermaessig gross, aber sauber und stilvoll eingerichtet. Bus / U-Bahnnaehe und viele Delis in unmittelbarer Umgebung. Wuerden direkt wieder buchen. Sehr empfehlenswert. 
13094 Had a great weekend at the Gansevoort Park Ave. the hotel is absolutely beautiful, and the rooms are quite large for a New York hotel. The staff was amazing and very professional. The location of the hotel is great and central for exploring the city. Would highly recommend staying here! 
13095 This hotel really made our trip. They go above and beyond. Good central location. 
13096 really nice hotel on a great location roof top swimming pool was great we had lunch in the bar that was really nice a big room bigscreen with tv and a nice view on the street near the Park and also Times Square 
13097 Stayed at this hotel this week. Excellent check in service, incredible location and no complaints. The room was comfortable....standard Marriott bed. The bathroom is a little small but updated nicely. I will stay here again. 
13098 Could have been lovely, close to perfect....The room was cheap and look clean... But there was Bed bugs....If your are allergic to any bugs bite don't go there. I'm still recovering and I hope I didn't bring them back home. 
13099 Ottimo hotel in zona tranquilla ma vicinissimo alla fermata metro.Nelle immediate vicinanze caffetterie per una conveniente colazione Times Square si raggiunge a piedi in 5 minuti Anche se le camere sono piuttosto piccole torneremo sicuramente in questo hotel 
13100 Have been repeatedly staying there for over a decade - iIt feels liike Home. Besides being extremely well located in the uptown/midtown area & close to numerous Restaurants, Multiplexes, Theatres & shopping areas, the staff are extremely courteous & helpful. It's my Home away from Home! 
13101 Edison is in a great location for a weeks visit to NYC. Close to theaters, sights and shopping. 
13102 In town for a court case. 3 blocks to the court house and close to all kinds of food. I stayed for 3 nights and got excellent dinner advice each time, including the in house restaurant which was delicious. Keep up the good work...... 
13103 we had a great time in this hotel ! people were nice and it was excellently located (in front of central park and near to the subway !!). The breakfast was various and good. 
13104 Delightful boutique hotel, centrally situated, just round corner from Empire State. Rooms beautifully decorated and bed very comfortable, with turndown service. Staff highly efficient, pleasant and very helpful. Breakfasts freshly prepared but a bit pricey. 
13105 Small old dirty rooms with small old dirty beds. Bathroom ridiculously small, shower head didn't work and shower curtain let water all over the floor. Rated 3 stars, but not even close. Housekeeping didn't even empty trash cans. 
13106 Great location. The staff was friendly and attentive. English Pub adjacent to the hotel was terrific. Rooms are small but clean. Great place to stay for a weekend in the city. 
13107 Great hotel. The beds were nice and comfy. Didn't want to get out of them. Room was clean and neat. Bathroom was clean and modern. Even the soaps/shampoos/etc were nice. Restaurant was good and the rooftop bar is very cool. 
13108 Excellent hotel. Close to all the popular attractions. 
13109 I loved my stay at the River Hotel in Chicago! The room was updated and very clean. It cost less than other hotels close by. Great place to stay. 
13110 I will stay here again as dirty carpet doesn't really bother me. Was moving my son into the University of Chicago and so the location was ideal. Beds were comfortable and the staff was extremely pleasant and helpful. 
13111 Buon albergo in una splendida posizione. Pulizia e colazione (gratuita) accettabili. Wireless gratuito ok. Ideale per una soggiorno turistico di pochi giorni a New York. Non avrei potuto trovare un albergo in posizione migliore di questo. 
13112 Our stay was great. After the receptionist noticed we had a ton of bags (the floors in our apartment were being redone!) she upgraded us to a large room to accommodate all of our luggage. The views were great, the location was the convenient and the rooms were superclean. 
13113 I will never stay anywhere else in New York! The location is perfect and I prefer it to the hustle of Time Square. The room was spacious for New York Standards. The best aspect of the Palace is the staff. Staff is friendly, outgoing, attentive, and great. 
13114 This hotel has small standard rooms, however the service and style of the hotel makes up for this. A great place to stay if you don't mind a small room. 
13115 Clean room and generally good service. Noisy rooms though, plings from the lift is well heard through the night as well as test-beeps from the fire detectors. Breakfast was ok but it's a lottery getting hold of a place to sit if you're not earlier than average tourist. 
13116 Loved this hotel, great location and VERY comfy beds and clean rooms! 
13117 Perfect spot in times square, intimate and cozy. Nice cont. breakfast, yummy treats during the day and wine n cheese in eve. Here's lookin at you kid! 
13118 Clean, practical, nicely desigend room with a view over the World trade center site. This together with traffic cause some noice, although not very severe. the lobby is a bit under sized and get quite croweded some times. 
13119 The room was great and the service was excellent, Chad Nathan really made the trip great by helping us to get such a great room with a great view, it made the trip even better than we expected. 
13120 THE BEST Location you can ever expect, what a surprise hotel. Great Service, typical NY Hotel room size but trendy and CLEAN!! Breakfast is good, great bar and lobby. Highly recommended.... 
13121 Best location for shopping and sightseeing Good Continental Breakfast Good Staff 
13122 Title really says it all. i usually never do these reviews unless there is a problem, but this place was great and they asked if i would so here it is. Everyone should stay here and thats all i got to say. 
13123 Recently stayed at athe Washington-Jefferson Hotel in NYC. Great little hotel. Great location (51st and 8th). On a nice quite street, but close to everything. Walk to Times Square, Central Park, theaters, Rockerfeller Center, and more. Subway very close. Rooms were small but very clean. Staff pleasant and helpful. 
13124 great place friendly and clean quick service friendly quiet wonderfuly place 
13125 Only stayed in this hotel for one night unfortunately. Its a lovely hotel, very clean, great decor. Really friendly staff. Comfortable rooms. Free internet access for guests. On West 46th St., great location for Times Square and Fifth Avenue. Would definately stay in this hotel again. 
13126 small room without frize,clean. expensive.the hotel is in a excelent location 
13127 Loved staying here and would recommend. Very helpful staff. Minutes from Madison Square Gardens, and train. Safe area. large room. Would stay here again. Gave us a complimentary upgrade. 
13128 Great location, very nice cosy and spacious rooms, helpful staff, nice breakfast, and...great burger! 
13129 Awesome Hotel, friendly service, rooms nice, beds comfortable, only downfall is theres only one ice machine on 12th floor,and the bellhop by the name of Showtime was extremely helpful and kind. 
13130 The location is really great... A short walk to Times Square, Macy's, Bryant Park.. and there are plenty of cafes nearby! The room is pretty basic and the bathroom is very clean. The most important is that it's bright and airy.. no creepy sense at all. 
13131 The staff was extremely courteous and attentive. The rooms well designed and comfortable. Though we did not make much use of the pool and rooftop bar, they looked top notch. Room service was prompt and delicious as well. This place is highly recommended!!! 
13132 Overall a good stay-- great location, reasonable price on booking.com for spacious room in uws. But the shower kept flooding water on the floor (?in a handicap accessible room) and we were not allowed to check in 30 mins early. 
13133 Great Location, Nice rooms and a fantastic Gym, Brilliant Lobby and just a generally nice hotel. terrible view however would reccomend asking for a Lake view. 
13134 This is a very nice hotel on the upper west side that is an excellent value for the money. Staff is friendly and attentive and the rooms are small but fine. After all, I'm not there to stay in the room. 
13135 Not exactly the nicest place I've ever stayed. Tiny rooms. Location is great. If you're not gonna be spending much time in the room, it's worth the stay for the location. 
13136 I have a very nice time. I especially want to say that Anamaria at reception desk was wonderful. There was a minor problem in my room and Anamaria handled the problem efficiently and promptly yet she made you feel very welcome. She is a gem. 
13137 Exceptional stay. Friendly staff, warm welcome, close to magnificent mile, and very comfortable accommodations among beautiful decor with European feel. 
13138 Fantastic location, right in the heart of Times Square. Subway station close by. Rooms reasonable size, well maintained and clean. Definately would recommend, but beware of the added New York taxes - add approx $25 per night to the room rate. 
13139 Nothing special, but pretty clean and cheap. To me, it's the best place for young travellers because of its good position inside Manhattan and its very good rates. Nothing special about the staff but, once again, at this price you can't ask much better. 
13140 We visited the Manhatten @ Times Square, New York in February this year. Could not fault it, rooms were clean, fabulous bed, staff all friendly and very helpful. Would recommend this to anyone looking for a hotel in the centre of all New York has to offer. 
13141 A very kind staff, great localization and a wonderfull breakfast! Large room, very confortable mattress and pillows. I was lucky, I had a beautiful view of the Chrysler building. 
13142 We stayed in a corner room which gives two different views...One of our views was all of times square and we loved it...I was surprised how comfortable the beds and bedding were...We did not have a mini fridge or microwave but we would definately stay at this place again... 
13143 Stayed during Irene and the staff handled the situation great. Location good -- on the edge of SoHo. Outdoor bar looked fun. I will stay here again. 
13144 The River Hotel at 73 E. Wacker is a gem. Great location. Very pleasant and helpful staff. The room was not large but very sufficient, clean, and modern. Would recommend and stay there again. 
13145 The first night, the room was not good: too small, too noisy, old. The next day, we moved in another room which was excellent. Services was good. The hotel is very well placed. 
13146 pretty nice stay great location it was very quiet - heard a few sirens at night but not once did I hear even a door open or close or a voice in the hall stayed in the 14th floor - room size was not an issue at for us 
13147 We were greeted by friendly staff. Bed is always comfortable, with clean and spacious rooms and bathroom. Nice to have a separate room to watch tv with a couch, table. The property itself is in good condition. 
13148 Having tried many hotels this is now my place of choice. Small but lovely rooms. Great service with a personal touch and an ideal location. The bar (Aspen Social Club) makes it even better 
13149 I loved the stay in thishotel ,'good value for the money ,friendly staff , very clean ; very good breakfast ,as a travel agent I will recommend my clients to stay there .close to port authority and the theaters district. My stay was from January 25 until february 1st Daphna 
13150 Vriendelijke ontvangst in een rustige omgeving. De (familie-)kamer had een koelkast, magnetron en 2 TV's. Praktisch gelegen nabij 2 verschillende metrolijnen en Central Park. Vele eetgelegenheden in de buurt evenals de beroemde deli Zabar's. 
13151 Room service in Sofitel NY is too expensive (17% taxes + $3.50 USD). Besides this negative point, everything was perfect! 
13152 Excellent location. It's a very new and modern hotel. It's clean and the service is good. If you find a good deal on the price I would completely recommended. 
13153 Would stay again but would advise missing breakfast as staff to a man did not appear to understand the language of English speakers.Much better to obtain breakfast elsewhere or in the room. 
13154 Great location. Staff and is very friendly and helpful. Visually the lobby, rooms and hallways are very chic and beautiful. 
13155 We had a great experience at the Best Western President Hotel with our family. Rooms were spacious and beautiful, staff was excellent and very informative on area sightseeing and attractions. Hotel was in an excellent location to Times Square and Rockefeller Center. 
13156 Aanrader!! Vriendelijk en super centraal!! Prima bar met fantastische koffie! Erg retro allemaal We hadden een upgrade..naar later bleek..aangenaam!! 
13157 Great hotel, very clean and smart, very friendly and helpful staff, good food, free internet, great location, not too big nor small...just great really! Stay here all the time when in Chicago! 
13158 Had a fantastic 3 days with mum. Great location near enough to everything but not to close to the real bustle of times square. Lovely having breakfast 
13159 My only criticism is the lack of China player and silver cutlery at breakfast plastic knives are not made for spreading butter !!! 
13160 The hotel was very central, easy walking to everywhere. the staff were extremely helpful and friendly,. the rooms were excellent, the biggest I have ever stayed in. There was complimentary tea and coffee all day long. Altogether a wonderful experience and I would totally recommend it to anyone. 
13161 This hotel is in the heart of Times Square and is an ideal place to stay in New York. The rooms were very clean and a great size. The views are impressive from the hotel too. 
13162 This was a great hotel for the price we paid. The location is really close to the theatres of Times Square and the lobby and staff are very friendly and accomodating. The room was pretty large for New York standards, and average in quality. 
13163 Stayed here for 3 nights while on a visit to NYC. The hotel is very clean and service is very good. We had a 2 doubles room on the 43rd floor. It was small, but served us just fine. Beds were very comfortable and the room had everything we needed. 
13164 Great location and near a subway entrance. The room was superbly clean and in good condition,The bed was very comfortable. Staff was wonderful-friendly,very helpful. 
13165 My daughters and I went to NYC for Christmas and couldn't have been happier with our hotel. Great rate and location. The room was lovely and clean bright. 
13166 Great Christmas atmosphere, beautiful Christmas trees, festive music. Very Cody lobby when been out in the bitter cold! starbucks access from hotel!! Staff helpful 
13167 Dejligt hotel med venligt og effektivt personale. Air con larmede noget, men skyldes muligvis, at indstilling til vinter ikke var blevet finindstillet. Gode senge med baade dyne og taeppe. Der er docking station for Ipods. Rart med traegulv i vaerelset. 
13168 eccellente hotel cittadino, datato anni 80 ma tenuto benissimo con finiture di pregio camere e bagni spaziosi e rimodernati, saloni comuni eleganti. Posizione eccellente. Rapporto qualita' prezzo ottimo. 
13169 The showers are full of mildew. Service is bad. The rooms are unbelievably small. The walls are paper thin. The decor is awful and nauseating. Way, way, way over priced!!!! 
13170 Wonderful room, great service, nice view 
13171 The staff and everyone we met was GREAT!!! The rooms were very clean and there was never an issue with getting housekeeping. The small refrig needed to be replaced but other then that it was very clean. 
13172 My daughter and I stayed at BELVEDERE during the Thanksgiving holidays, '03. Excellant location...easy walk to Times Square. Cabs easy to catch. Near theaters. Very nice room...very nice staff! Our 3rd trip to NYC and BEST VALUE! Will probably stay here again. Loved it! 
13173 Stayed in an executive room. Good views, decor was modern. It contained an excellent air con system. Seveal shops were nearby. Only downside was the very small bathroom. Otherwise a great base to see NYC for first timers. would recommend. 
13174 Stayed here with my husband over the 4th of July. Location was good. Room was a bit small, but served the purpose. Air conditioning was excellent. Felt very safe. I would stay here again. 
13175 we stayed 7 nights in march/april 2009, and everything was perfect. the room/studio was huge with 2 double beds, desk, huge tv, kitchen. clean, quite good location (near empire state building). staff polite and helpful. good value for money for nyc! 
13176 My experience was more than pleasurable and comfortable. Upon arriving, the front desk staff was courteous and engaging. All In all, the staff was extremely attentive and made my stay one to remember. Thank you for the water and chocolates Eri, we will see you again. 
13177 What a great Hotel....! everything was outstanding as usual, highly recommend this hotel to anyone who would like to enjoy Beverly Hills in fully glory and glamour. Culina is superb 
13178 Location is walking distance to the subway, penn station, times square. The only friendly person was the concierge. Very nice and had some good suggestions for dining. Moderately priced for New York. 
13179 I've been staying at the Royalton for over 6 years. Excellent service and hospitality - a stylish yet cozy retreat from the hustle and bustle from the city. I highly recommend it. 
13180 Nice hotel (wonderful lobby) with a convenient location. Concierge staff was rude and not helpfull at all. Overall management should invest more on people and service, less on hardware. 
13181 very clean room and comfortable bed. continental breakfast, daily newspaper, safe box and coffee in room. very convenient location steps from Herald square. all that in a surprising price - great value for the $. we stayed 3 days and enjoyed. 
13182 Hip City Boutique hotel. We live in Westchester County and come in for weekends in the city. Great Soho location near boutiques and restaurants. Modern clean line rooms with all ammenities. Join the Grand Club and you will get special rates Our favorite NYC hotel 
13183 Hotel appeared fairly new as everything was in good shape. Room was comfortable and quiet. Bathroom very nice. Everything was clean. Definitely would return. 
13184 Hotel is a 3 star but the location is 5 star mid way on central park south. View of Park is excellent on the upper floors (I stayed on 21). Hotel is next to Plaza Hotel and 5th Avenue. Need more info on hotel would like to stay there again. 
13185 Loved the location of this hotel. It is pricey and if you aren't spending much time at your hotel I'm not sure it is worth the money. However, the room is comfortable and clean and you will be able to walk to many NYC attractions. 
13186 Good location, Very comfortable, Big room and lots of space, staff was very helpful. breakfast was good (included in price) overall good experience would stay again. 
13187 This is a gem in the city. Very chic boutique hotel. I was pleasantly surprised. Exceptionally clean and comfortable. The room was great up to date modern. The wifi worked fine. Everyone who worked there was quite pleasant. I would definately stay here again, convienent to shops, dining and entertainment. 
13188 This was a great find because of the location and the indoor parking, no extra charge. 
13189 I was very pleasantly surprised by the interior of the hotel lobby and the room. Very well maintained and beautifaul. It was a shame that the service was poor and the food was no better than ordinary. I would have expected better and was slightly disappointed. 
13190 My husband and I spent 4 nights at the Felix last week for our 23rd anniversary. The hotel was very COOLl and comfortable. The staff from the housekeeping to the G.M. were exceptional. The lobby bar makes a great martini. 
13191 I stayed at Fashion 26 over Mother's Day weekend. I REALLy enjoyed my stay. The room was really cute. Loved the bathroom. The restaurant was really good too. I'd definitely stay again! 
13192 3 elevators for 32 floors. Waited 20 minutes then walked down 8 floors. Breakfast and happy hour included but mobbed and no place to sit. Worst, no taxis available in morning or dinner time, reported cheerfully by doorman. 
13193 Yes, the hotel is a bit out of the way, but still close enough to get everywhere. The staff was excellent, always friendly and really helpful. The bed was soooo comfy and I don't get to say that very often ;) I would totally recommend this hotel! 
13194 Spent 4 nights here in the middle of November and can hardly wait to go back. I was so surprised how absolutely quiet the rooms were. Beautiful rooms, excellent service from every staff member and so well equiped. 
13195 ottima posizione, camera lussuosa, pulita e spaziosa. Ottima scelta x la colazione, sia x il starbucks all'interno sia per la colazione tipica!! 
13196 We come here every year for a company function and really enjoy it. The rooms are spacious and very clean. The bar in the main lobby is awesome. great drinks; really good food and excellent people-watching. Highly reccommend this hotel. 
13197 This was a very nice hotel, conveniently located so that I could walk to the southern tip of Manhattan and to Times Square. It's located in a quiet area with several good restaurants nearby. The room was very clean and the staff were all quite friendly. 
13198 paid too much for what we got. For about $400/night you would think they would include wireless! Not impressed and won't stay there again! 
13199 Location is perfect, staff were friendly. Was disappointed with room, needed updoing. Website makes rooms look alot nicer then they are. Nice whirlpool bath but didn't work and was broken in areas, not good. Bed was very comfy though, great for after long walks all day. 
13200 I stayed at the New York Marriott East Side for two nights while attending a business conference. My room was small but clean and comfortable. I did eat a late night dinner at the hotel the night I arrived and it was nothing special. 
13201 Recently stayed here for 4 nights. Really great location and above average standard of accomadation,especially for the price! Would stay here again no problem and recommend it friends without hesitation! 
13202 hotel muito bom, equipe atenciosa,receberam nossas encomendas, limpeza boa, enfim recomendamos 
13203 Hotel isn't new, but room was very comfortable and clean. Located at the heart of Magnificent Mile. Recommended. 
13204 Super hotel, mooie grote kamer en badkamer, heerlijk bed, goede service, vriendelijk en eerlijk personeel. (vergeten spullen waaronder een i-pod werden nagestuurd) Centraal gelegen, alles is goed bereikbaar. 
13205 Perfect location, nice clean rooms, very big and comfortable bed, lovely breakfast, free WI-FI. Easy to walk to everything. Quiet neighbourhood.. We enjoyed our stay very much and will stay again and will recommend it! 
13206 Short walk to Penn Station and to the Theater District. Very clean, with a spectacular bathroom and confortable room. 
13207 We were provided outstanding service by each and every employee we encountered. Marchin delighted us each night with magic tricks. Marchin also provided great input on places to eat and Broadway shows. He has a wonderful way of making everyone feel special in a town of millions! 
13208 It is convenient to the airport, and that's the reason I stayed. The room was OK. You have to get key to the mini-bar from the bell captain, which is a pain in the butt if you use their automatic check in, and you don't know (I didn't). 
13209 The Muse is a wonderful hotel. The room we had was great - travelled for business with a colleague and booked a room with two beds. Impeccably clean, nicely decorated, and comfortable. Great location. Make sure you check out the bathrooms in the lobby. You'll be charmed and amazed. 
13210 Great Hotel Experience. Excellent style, great postion and stunning crew. The room looks small at the beginning but it's a fake first impression; there are a lot of spaces that can be used. Excellent wifi service (free). Absolutely recommended! 
13211 The rooms in this hotel are very small - there's almost no place to walk around the bed. Location on 3rd avenue is also problematic as the windows are not noise proof 
13212 The location is sensational, just off Central Park West. We have stayed at the Excelsior many times and never disappointed. Spacious superior room, efficient and helpful staff. Lots of nice neighbor hood restaurants within easy walk. 
13213 The staff was very helpful and pleasant. It was just blocks from the office and also in my old neighborhood. Lots of great places to eat, shop & check out art. The room was comfortable. Look forward to staying there again soon. 
13214 Great location fantastic bar Bernie the barTender is great 
13215 I stayed 4 mights with my wife and two kids and we had a wonderful stay. Clean rooms, though small, typical of NYC. Hotel staff was friendly and service in a flash. Can't beat the location. Will definitely atay there again when in New York Cuty 
13216 For a many starred hotel, save your money. Pretenious staff..., cleaning details omitted in the rooms. 
13217 This is a superb hotel; great people; nice club level room; and fantastic location. I was bowled over by the experience and will be back! Every aspect of this hotel works. i enjoyed banter with the porters and the bar/restaurant staff could not do enough. 
13218 Spent a week last year and loved the people and the people and the location. Went back again for a short trip and again loved it! Jamie made my granddaughters feel very special when her remembered them. Very good service and will be back again soon! 
13219 Great Location, just one block away from Times Square, but it is too expensive. If you expect a hotel just to sleep, you can get better deals. 
13220 One of my favorite locations in NYC, right in the heart of everything. Hotel is no thrills modern and rooms are spacious and comfortable. Highly recommend it if staying in Midtown. 
13221 Hotel staff was pleasant, friendly and helpful. Rooms and hallways are dated and could use some updating. Rooms are large and furniture was comfortable. Housekeeping was not the best, but overall our stay was very satisfactory and I would definately stay here again.......good value and quiet residential neighborhood. 
13222 Stayed here with my sister over Easter rooms we had a double room which sleeps two but will be comfortable for one :) very nice hotel!! 
13223 Stayed for 8 days and we were very happy with the room: clean, nice bathroom and probably because we were in the front room, was very quiet. 
13224 Has everything you need in a room, just organised efficiently. Great location. Easy access to transport. Good value for solo travellers. Rooms and communal bathrooms are clean. 
13225 I stayed at the Washington Jeff. for 3 nights. Great rates, great location (3 blocks from Times Square, 5 block away from MOMA, surrounded by great restaurants), recently renovated, they have free wireless in the rooms. It was a very very pleasant surprise. 
13226 Aanrader: loopafstand Times Sq. Prima centraal gelegen. Afrader: beetje sjofel, beetje versleten, is het net niet echt ... Als het alleen om een bed gaat: prima locatie in New York, betaalbaar en toch midden in centrum. 
13227 Hotel is comfortbale, reception staff is very helpful, restaurant staff is very kind and nice, they serve very good breakfasts. Pool is clean and was not overcrowded during my stay. 
13228 This hotel is beautiful inside and out. It's really close to everything and I totally recommend it! 
13229 Super Lage, Zimmer klein - aber sehr durchdacht gestaltet, super Aussicht - zumindest aus den oberen Etagen. 
13230 Good location, but rooms are cramped, have no sound-proofing (ahem) and not so clean. Staff is friendly, but they never got the bathroom cleaned even after asking 3 times over a 2 day stay. 
13231 My husband have stayed at this property several times, and each time the service just gets better. The staff is amazing and the bar tender a legend! The quality of the food and lodging is always outstanding! I am looking forward to returning. 
13232 Nice comfy beds. Helpful staff and surprising breakfast. Unexpected in this part of NYC. 
13233 Old and dirty!! 
13234 I guess all New York Hotels are expensive but this one was extremely expensive in comparisson to what you get. Old beds with old bed spreads, not a good service. Old carpets, old bathroom, everything very very old. 
13235 Do not stay at this hotel if you do not want a luxury closet. The hotel standard of rooms is very poor. They charged us for the mini bar and we did not even touch it. Hotel advised 'that it might be the cleaners'. 
13236 This place was nearly perfect. There were a few dings but overall a great value, great location, and nice room. 
13237 We were a party of 3, stayed here for 5 nights, it was all good. Location was great, staff was friendly, housekeepers cleaned everyday. The place is like a european hotel. 
13238 The rooms were clean and modern and if you are on a high floor, have beautiful views of the city. The downstairs desk managers were friendly and nice. The rooms are a bit small, but standard for any hotel room in NYC. 
13239 Bon emplacement, belle chambre Mais petit dejeuner payant en supplement,wifi pour internet Payant a 10 dollars les 24 heures, facturation des appels telephoniques Exorbitante et un accueil neutre, un peu mecanique, a l'l oppose de ce que nous avons vu aux Usa pendant 3 semaine(chaleur, spontaneite,convivialite...) 
13240 We spent 1 week in NY, stayed in Skyline Hotel and were very satisfied with everything. The room was clean, service was very friendly and the hotel was just a short walk away from Times square. I would definately go back again! 
13241 First time at the The London. We arrived early, expecting to store our luggage until check in time but the rooms were available at 9AM. Beautiful decor, the use of space in a smal area was maximized. We will return soon! 
13242 Went for the Thanksgiving weekend - perfect spot to get to anything in the city - steps from times square and any subway! Great service and directions. Clean room - very quiet although the lobby was packed!!! Perfect location for everything! 
13243 You walk into a Beautiful boutigue hotel, tastefully decorated and cosy lobby/ lounge area - only to be dissapointed by the size of the bedroom albeit expensively finished. It was very ideally located for 5th avenue - therefore great for career shoppers. Breakfast was delicious, fresh and good quality! 
13244 I stayed there for 5 days (129 + tax/day). They had a good continental breakfast for $6. The rooms had good size with closet and a small kitchenete (refrigerator, sink and microwave0. The only problem was that they didn't have free wireless. Good place for the price. 
13245 I just stayed with my daughter and the room was all new and the beds were fantastic. Very neat and clean-great proximity to times square. all the staff was extremely polite and helpful. I would definitely stay here again. The price was fabulous for nyc-139 a night! 
13246 The Paramount is always a wonderful experience. Brian, the Doorman, is so friendly! As is the entire staff! 
13247 Que horror de hotel que verguenza es para denunciar al hotel y a las agencias que lo ofrecen peor que una mala pesion peor aun.. ni se os ocurra ir.. estoy indignadisima. 
13248 We stayed 8 nights and were delighted with this hotel. Walk able to Central Park, Times Square, Empire State. Great value for money. 
13249 have not been here for a few years. Rooms werevtired but much better now. The Todd English food court is worth a meal or two. For the price, wireless should be included. Service is great. iPad suite controls were easy to use. 
13250 I was very impressed with the impeccable service. I was greeted immediately upon entering, offered a beverage and checked-in. The staff is excellent and can offer great dining recommendations. The rooms are nice and spacious (for NYC) and in-line with the swanky upscale atmosphere. I would definitely stay here again. 
13251 Prachtig hotel van buiten, maar het interieur van de kamers was gedateerd. Men was aan het renoveren, maar daardoor werkte de elektronische kluis en ijskast niet. Kamer is niet te groot. Vond kamer te duur voor hetgeen aangeboden werd. 
13252 This hotel was nice. NYC is always pricey so that is no surprise. Rooms were adequately sized and clean and comfortable. Free breakfast! Location was great. A short walk to Times square, across the street from the Gershwin Theatre which is very convenient for Wicked! 
13253 This hotel is not only centrally located to the medical center and downtown but it is a fabulous property. Rooms are first class and so is the service. The front desk could not have been more pleassant the the breakfast roomservice was perfect. Highly recommend. They also take pets! 
13254 Stayed for a few days, combining business and pleasure. Marriott didn't disappoint. As part of my rewards status, they upgraded our room at no charge. This place is pricey, but it's always fun to be in the heart of the action. Another great stay. 
13255 Pennsylvania is een prima hotel op een top locatie. Vlakbij Time Square, Empire State Building, Penn Station, Bushaltes, Metro etc. Het hotel is wel wat verouderd, maar wij hadden elke dag schone handdoeken en een opgemaakt bed. En een goede warme douche! 
13256 good clean hotel friendly helpfull staff near to times square and broadway plenty of resaurants nearby also near to the subway 
13257 I have stay at this hotel twice and the service has been great. The front desk was very nice and helpful specially Nerma, she was very helpful and full of energy. Very clean and great View to Times Square. I would recommend it. 
13258 L'hotel assolutamente all'altezza...pulito silenzioso e ordinato e il personale molto cortese.New York assolutamente fantastica.... 
13259 My daughter and I have just returned from a trip to NY and stayed here. The bed was very comfy and the location was perfect for Broadway Times Sq etc. Buffet breakfast was fine. The staff were helpful and friendly. Would stay there again. 
13260 The rooms at the Algonquin are gorgeous and huge. The lobby is so cozy, and it is a short walk to Times Square. I would stay here again in a second. 
13261 Took a chance on a "Winter Getaway" package and was delighted with this hotel. The bed was heavenly (actually better than the "heavenly beds" in other hotels), the sheets (Frette) crisp & clean, and the shower powerful! 
13262 We had a great stay at the Westin right before Thanksgiving. The accomodations and staff were all wonderful. We will definatly stay at the Westin Michigan Avenue again. The location was great. 
13263 The staff was all very friendly (even with the small kids) and knowledgable about local attractions. Rooms were nice and requests (for a high floor) were honored. Definately would recommend to others as a fine place to stay in Chicago. 
13264 we stayed at the dylan for 3 nights march 2nd -5th. i was really impressed,the staff were all really helpful and polite. the room was spotless,lovely clean battroom. i have no faults with it whatsoever 
13265 Great room, just enough space for four in a double! The beds were comfortable and there was a really nice TV and a roomy bathroom. 
13266 Stayed here for the second Thanksgiving in a row and was really impressed this year. Room was as requested complete with pillows from menu. Also delph as requested. The lifts are so much better, never had to wait long. Lovely big rooms with great beds. 
13267 Booked two rooms through hyatt gold passport. The renovations very nice. The lobby was still under construction but they seem close to finishing. Highly recommend 
13268 DO NOT STAY HERE if you need to guarantee your reservation. We got to the Hotel at 11pm - had a reservation and they said they were overbooked and had no rooms. It turned into a very UGLY experience. PLEASE BEWARE and STAY AWAY!!!!! 
13269 The staff at the Wales was friendly and accommodating. You were always greeted with professionalism and a smile. I felt very comfortable and the beds were very comfortable and the rooms excellent. Thank you, Wales 
13270 Paid 110.00$ for 2 days parking,Gas tank was emptied in the parking lot by thieves, just enough gas left to arrive to next gas station.Hotel subcontract parking,charged big bucks and not responsible. Shame!!! 
13271 My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights and it was very nice. Only a block or so from Time Square. The rooms were very nice and fully stocked mini fridge (very expensive though). The staff was nice and extremely helpful. 
13272 We stayed here for 3 nights. The location is great and the service was good. The rooms on the other hand, were tiny. The amenities were nice and the beds were comfortable, but the space was very, very small. The overall value was good though. 
13273 In the middle of everything or close to the transportation needed to get there. Staff is helpful, bar is expensive, but there is a great pub down the street. Rooms are small but fuctional. 
13274 The outside bar area in front of Standard hotel is great. They have really great pitchers of cocktails at reasonable prices. Great view of people watching and nice little appetizers. Had a great time and drank a lot. 
13275 Albergo in posizione estremamente vantaggiosa: 5 min. dalla 5a e vicinissimo anche al Rockfeller center, a Broadway...Metro adiacente all'ingresso. Pulizia piu' che buona, personale efficiente, educato e simpatico (sembra che sia impossibile trovarne di cosi' a New York!). 
13276 Was going to a concert at The Vic and found this hotel right around the corner. Very friendly staff, clean room, all good for us. We would certainly stay again. Lots of restaurants and bars right outside the door. 
13277 Overall stay was good.. This is the type of hotel you'd stay in for a touristic trip to ny. Great location and good experience and very good value for money. Staff are professional and helpful, food and room is totally fine. 
13278 The location of the hotel is the one saving grace for the Affinia 50. We found the rooms to be dark, noisy and dated with poor customer service. I would not recommend it. 
13279 staff verry nice changed rooms 3times stayed inroom 841 bathroom door did not close properley toilet dlocked on several occasions would not recomend stay somewhere else pity because staff very nice 
13280 Stayed one night before catching outbound flight. Very friendly staff with timely check-in/check-out. Rooms were spacious and clean. Breakfast buffet was a little disappointing but is typical for the hotel industry today. Overall, a very good stay. 
13281 After reading some reviews I was worried about staying at this hotel. While it does require updating, it was clean and cosy with a great central location. 
13282 Atendimento horroroso, o hotel estava cheio e falaram que nossa reserva havia sido cancelada. Tivemos que voltar no outro dia e fizemos checkin sem problemas. Fomos mal atendidos pela recepcionista e pelo gerente. 
13283 Nice hotel in nice location. Bit room smelled of terrible body odor which ruined the stay. 
13284 We had a very nice stay. Will stay again! 
13285 The property was well located for the events and places we wanted to go. The subway does make most things convenient, and the value and service provided was well above standard. The breakfast buffet is excellent. 
13286 Excellent location midway between Times Square and Central Park. Rooms are adequate in size for Manhattan, but those overlooking 7th Avenue are noisy at all times. Cafe on ground floor is very good for breakfast. 
13287 Overall service great. The breakfast has varied selections and service very good. Beds comfortable and easy access to many attractions. Decorated festive for holidays. Will definitely consider for future visits 
13288 The lobby was beautiful. They had helpful and friendly staff. There was a parking deck RIGHT across the street. The room was nicely decorated. The room was crazy small, though, even by NYC standards... 
13289 Overall good stay, great location, somewhat friendly staff, with the exception of one short and an indifferent front desk agent. I would come back though the location was my selling point. 
13290 I stayed at this hotel for one night while attending a conference. The staff was extremely friendly and the hotel was clean. The rooms were spacious and quiet which allowed me to sleep in. Overall this is a good hotel when in the Chicago area 
13291 A few blocks one direction from Times Square & the other from Central Park. Great staff & all very gracious and helpful. I don't had a bad thing to say about this place and I was afraid of the stay due to all the bad reviews. 
13292 I paid low price for this hotel compared to other hotels nearby. The location is center of downtown and the facility is just perfect. Even though my room was small a bit, cleanness and comfortableness were amazing. 
13293 Such a cute room---close to all the action--Times Square--Broadway, great restuarants, and shopping. Staff is very nice and helpful. Because we arrived early, the bellman held our luggage until we checked in the evening. 
13294 The hotel was OK - we had a small room but the beds and pillows were fantatics (memory foam). The hotel is right next to Empire State buiding and 10 min walk from Time Square. I recommand this hotel for the confort and location. 
13295 This is a spotless hotel with free parking and in and out privileges...can't find another one like it in the city. Certainly not fancy...but clean and in a good location. 
13296 Tres bon rapport Qualite / Prix pour cet hotel tres different des grandes chaines tres proches! Il est aussi situe en plain milieu de Time Square et proches de tous les theatres de Broadway! Un seul petit bemol est le cout assez prohibitif du petit dejeuner! 
13297 Amazing how the space is used, and we enjoyed our stay very much. Staff was friendly and supportive. 
13298 Chambres sales salle de bain degradee jamais nettoyee pendant le sejour hotel vieillot a besoin d'une renovation nous etions quatre d'age differents et nous somme d'accord sur le commentaire. valable pour une clientele jeune et pour un tres court sejour 
13299 True Ritz doesn't disappoint. The staff are knowledgeable, helpful and kind. The location is close to all we wanted eg. Time Square, Central Park, subway etc. yes it is pricy but that is the Ritz way. Bed was comfortable, room had great view. Could not ask for anything more. 
13300 Nice hotel near Times Square, Central Park and lots of other Manhattan attractions. Although a bit outdated, the rooms are (for New York standards) large, clean and comfortable. The on site restaurant is a good start of the day and very convinient is the subway station right outside the hotel. 
13301 Stayed mid week for about 120$/night. Staff was helpful. Great location and decent bar. Rooms are small but clean. I had one (?queen/double) bed and that was enough for 1 person. Would definitely come back if the $$ is right. 
13302 Hoetel is small but had everything we needed. Was there in January 2011 for a sisters weekend. Came to see a show and had no trouble getting to theater and back. Staff was very helpful. 
13303 nyc hotel rooms are notoriously small, this hotel has huge rooms. appointments are simple but adequate. I will trade the luxurious for the spacious any day. good location for midtown theater, shopping, restaurants, museums. 
13304 Hotel is very dated but the price was right and the location perfect, right across from Penn Station with easy access to trains to Newark Airport (and JFK). Just a few blocks from Time Square and one block to Macy's. 
13305 It was a great hotel. David who worked at the hotel did a great job! 
13306 My family stayed at the Clarion in August 2004. The room was clean and comfortable and the staff at the hotel were very accommodating. Excellent location and safe walking any time day or evening. Restaurant on premises was also very good with a good variety on menu. 
13307 Stayed three nights and found it to be a fantastic location. Room was new (ish). Would stay here again. 
13308 While this is a two star hotel, with Cassie at the front desk, I felt it was a four plus star hotel. She remembers your name, wife's name and even your preference in food. They need to pay this lady very well! Thank you Cassie! 
13309 Loved it. staff all so friendly. rooms clean. great rooftop bar. near many popular places to visit. best night's sleep ever. 
13310 Love the Nomad. Service was polite, respectful and quick. They accommodated our food allergies and the food was excellent. The interiors are beautiful. Would definitely stay here again. Central location makes it easy to get around. 
13311 Awesome location, clean comfortable rooms. the michaelangelo is a classic European style hotel Italian inspired. My kids were welcomed and really enjoyed the beautiful lobby, chocolates on the pillows and breakfast in the morning. A true gem of a hotel in new York. 
13312 The location is perfect! The room is very nice and clean. The bed is comfortable. You have to take one of the two elevators from the street to the lobby on the 7th floor, which could be crowded at peak times. 
13313 In town for one night for a special occasion. Hotel was blocks off orange line from midway, easy to get to. Staff was attentitive especially Tk Karadzovski. He left us a welcome card and snack and made us feel very welcome. We would not hesitate to stay again. 
13314 This was really great hotel for us. Very clean and fancy, at that time pretty good prices. The stuff was not the most hospitable, but other than that everything was great. 
13315 Hotel is right in the Center of manhattan. Very friendly Staff As well As clean and comfortable rooms. Breakfast was also ok, they Even had fresh fruits. Lounge with free coffee, Hot chocolate and water was also nice. 
13316 Booked the room through Priceline-got a great deal.The room was nice,the staff was friendly and the location and the view were great.The only drawback was the price of parking and the fact that they parked your car in a lot blocks away. 
13317 This hotel was very nice. The rooms were clean. The beds and pillows were very comfortable. The shower was awesome! I would definitely stay here again! 
13318 I spent two days in this discreet and very comfortable hotel. It feels new, trendy and has great size bathrooms with rainshowers. Great breakfast room downstairs, high celings and very reasonable room rates.I would definitely come back 
13319 My favorite place to stay in manhattan. Lots of personality. Great rooftop bar in warmer weather. Great bacon! Interesting art! No cookie cutter decor here. Close to Grand Central. Always clean, great service, free wifi! 
13320 El hotel en si estaba bastante bien, lo mejor la ubicacion, podias ir andando a todas partes, el precio comparado con lo demas estaba muy bien. Muy contentos. En invierno nunca mas, un frio que te mueres. 
13321 Good deal on the room rate, great view, nice room, no complaints. We felt very safe there, good security. Near the UN, so it has a very international clientele. We would stay there again on our next visit to NY. 
13322 Older hotel in need of some work but comfortable and best of all within walking distance of Times Square, Central Park etc. 
13323 Man skal nok vaere et par hvis man bestiller de smaa vaerelser da toilettet ikke er opdelt fra vaerelset... Man skal gaa 2 bloks for at faa metroen paa 42 street, det er helt fint. Den gratis morgenmad bestaar kun af muffins og kaffe og te. 
13324 Friendly staff at reception. Clean rooms. Small room but better than in other hotels. Breakfast buffet - very good and not expensife. Free internet acces Very close to all attraction. 
13325 Room was clean, location is OK. Stayed 2 nights and will definitely return on my next visit. 
13326 modern,cosy,stylish.... warm and friendly. Rooms and restaurant are perfect...terrace wonderfull and warm even in cold weather. the bed with one side to the wall...little bit difficult when you are over 20 years old ;-) 
13327 The staff in every aspect made the stay at this W Property wonderful... from the bars, the restuarant, rooms, concierge, to the memorable doorman et al- next time you are in NYC, make this happening place a must on your visit/stay list!!! 
13328 My title says it all. Rooms are clean, spacious, nicely decorated, and quiet. Staff is very welcoming and friendly. Just a few blocks away from Times Square. Great food and entertainment right around the corner. Price very reasonable. We could not have been happier with The Michelangelo. 
13329 There's nothing wrong with this hotel; except you can do better for 1/2 the price; rooms will really disappoint you 
13330 This Hotel has a great location for visiting New York and has a wonerful history - this is where Glenn Miller wrote "Pennsylvania 6500" during a stay there sadly it has not been decorated since then!! 
13331 It was my first time at the Marmara Hotel. It was great like having an apartment in the city! Service was impeccable, rooms where clean and modern! Great place... 
13332 My wife stayed in this hotel recently for 1 night. The room was excellent. The hotel is situated close to Central Park. Several restaurants were close by. The staff were courteous. The rooms were neat and clean. The hotel is close to the subway. 
13333 very small room great location friendly stuff lots of bars and restaurants nearby very slow wi-fi subway stations within a ten minutes walk 
13334 Very hip hotel with trendy afterwork crowd filling up the bar monday to friday. room was nice but dark. Great location. 
13335 I think i met every employee of this place. No hiding in this hotel. But i loved it and thats my new houston home. 
13336 New, pleasant, excellent staff...the best place I've found to stay near MD Anderson! Shuttle to hospital Good Wifi Great LCD TV...not such great programming choices unless you pay for premium services. Room is great, lobby is great ! 
13337 This is a decent business hotels. Pros are the nice rooms, excellent location and good staff. Unfortunately no pool or breakfast, okayish fitness center, no kitchenette and limited TV channels. However, internet connectivity and all other business requirements are good, 
13338 Stayed for 5 nights in a studio suite. Excellent location, lovely clean rooms and excellent service. 
13339 Excellent location, jammed with people as New York is, take floor 29 and over for quiet, beds so comfortable , did what it said on the TIN ! Grab a tea or coffee and run.............allow 40 mins min for JFK. Stones throw for a walk in Central Park. 
13340 This was one of the cheapest hotels we could find in a great location. Everything was clean and tidy, room was always made up and staff were always friendly and courteous. Definitely recommend it. 
13341 Can't beat it for price and location, right across the street from Grant Park. It is an old hotel, the walls are thin and the furniture worn in. Nothing awful about it, a good place to sleep during a busy weekend or for just an overnight. 
13342 Most comfortable beds I have found in Downtown Houston - rooms and hotel monstrously large - bar, 2 x restaurants, Starbucks + very handy convenience store (which seems to stock anything for all eventualities) all on ground floor. 26th floor pool / jacuzzi and outside terrace lovely. 
13343 I stay at the Intercontinental Barclay almost every week. It is very consistant and the staff makes the repaeat costomer feel special. Particularly the Ambassador guest services representitive Annmara Gayle. I am always making my plans last minute and she always finds a way to get me a nice room 
13344 Very friendly and helpful staff. Good central position for everything. Free tea and coffee all day in comfortable lounge. Europeans Beware: Bar Staff award themselves tips of 18% of your bill, in return for a poor service, and short measures of drinks. 
13345 Nice place very handy for Grand Central and all midtown locations. Staff all very helpful and friendly, special mention for concierge Amy. Excellent burger at on-site restaurant, 'Rare'. 
13346 Pros - As other reviewers have mentioned the hotel is situated at the heart of downtown chicago .Few minutes from most of the popular attractions.There is a taxi stand just outside the hotel,which adds to the benefit. The rooms are mediocre. Cons - Expensive Food , Rude Staff. 
13347 Wow, the biggest accommodations for the price. I felt like I just stepped into my own private apartment. Very comfortable and affordable. 
13348 Impressive Hotel but not a lot to do in downtown Houston. Lovely room, very comfortable bed, and staff were very helpful too. There is a shuttle from the hotel to the Galleria shopping centre but other than that nothing!! 
13349 We stayed there a few years ago and I thought it was ok. There is no pool, rooms are very small and the bathrooms are small. There was an excellent restaurant, overpriced though. I would only recommend this hotel if you are staying for 2-4 nights. 
13350 Excellent value place in Chelsea. Rooms are small and WC is shared but everything is spotlessly clean, staff are really friendly and for less than $150 in a great location, you can't go wrong. 
13351 Best of Houston!! Excellent location, and services. Will definitely come back. Thanks for everything 
13352 First time in NYC....its a must stay! The location is great! The rooms are....SMALL! We had paid for a superior room, one king size bed...got suite#501 and it wasn't nearly worth the money we spent on it! 
13353 The situation is very good, care, cleaning ... all perfect! The only drawback is that the room is very small! you can not take the clothes from the suitcase! but if you do not mind ... I recommend it! I would book again! 
13354 Hotel Mela is a great boutique hotel in the heart of Manhattan. It is clean, quiet, and has great amneties. The service is exceptional. It is close to everything. I highly recommend this hotel. 
13355 I've been there for St.Patrick's day. Its best quality is the location as it is in Times Square with metro and supermarkets in the surroundings. The toilet was not that good, little and unclean. The room was noisy, I could perfectly hear the neighbors talking. 
13356 The staff were incredible. The room was the best I've ever had in New York, and given the price - try to compare in lower manhattan - how can you complain? 
13357 This hotel was clean and tidy room was quite basic I upgraded the room which was nice but still quite small good location two blocks from empire state good 10 minute walk to times square staff were really nice and helpful had a great time new York is amazing 
13358 Stayed 3 nights in late July. Very nice hotel located close to most attractions in downtown Houston. We took in a ball game at Minute Maid Park while our local team was in town. A very nice Express Hotel. 
13359 Stayed 5 nights here, found the accommodation excellent, most comfortable hotel bed I have slept in. Room very clean and well appointed, good location, staff very helpful. Would recommend. 
13360 v trendy and v dark! met lots of fellow brits groping their way round the walls. particularly amused to be in the library - too dark to read! good location near the columbus circle so from that point of view it works but wouldn't rush back. 
13361 Wonderful position3oom small but useful.very clean the bathroom,good view from the superior's window,and very good breakfast with lavazza espresso machine!!! (Wonderful for italian like us)is very important the breakfast included into good price to have a low cost trip!! I'll come back, sure! 
13362 This is what New York is supposed to be like!!! Very plush and elegant just what New York is known for! 
13363 What a great New York hotel! The proximity to Times Square can't be beat, and the service and security is outstanding. We got a great nightly rate that included complimentary breakfast, not an insignificant perk. Our room with two queen beds was large and extremely comfortable. We will definitely return! 
13364 The hotel its being renewed, the service is rude and the breakfast it terrible. 
13365 This hotel has alittle of everything. A staff that cares about its guest and a hotel that has many extras. It has a pool, gift shop, florist, bar and restauarant. The room service was fast and the food was wonderful. 
13366 I've never seen a hotel this amazing! The staff are very friendly! The rooms are outstanding The pool is very clean The hotel is spotless No bad comments about this hotel Just Amazing I'm Coming Back! 
13367 Extremely friendly and helpful staff! Beautiful rooms! Couldn't ask for more :) 
13368 The rooms were very clean, though they felt a little small. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and always willing to help. I had to stay at this hotel for 5 days and I have no regrets. I would definitely stay again. 
13369 Very Nice and clean rooms, good breakfast and very good staff. Location was the key. If I go back to NYC, I wouldnt stay anywhere else except this hotel. 
13370 Very nice hotel in the heart of theater district. Easy to maneuver bus tours. Room was quite large. The only thing missing was a pool. Had a great time. Would definitely stay there again. We felt very safe staying in this hotel. 
13371 Coolest hotel I had ever stay in the world... In the digital and contemporary era we are living today, Yotel fits in a 100 percent making the experience for the users unique and wonderfull. 
13372 Went for 2 weeks over easter very dissapointed when we arrived nothing like what it shows on the website, got moved once still YUK staff very rude asked to see manager and ended up in club room which was OK still nothing special!!! 
13373 Very dingy place, corridors reminded me of something out of a horror movie! Very basic but had big rooms, and beds were comfy. Brilliant location, staff were nice and friendly. Has it's very own Central Perk cafe! Nothing fancy, would stay here for price and location and nothing much else! 
13374 Just returned from New York, staying at the Lucerne, West 79th between Amsterdam & Broadway - great position, well appointed with good facilities. Customer service mediocre, but would recommend the hotel highly. 
13375 Right in the center of Times Square and close to all the action, our stay at the Hilton was perfect. The room was very nice and comfortable and the service was great. We were worried about bedbugs in NYC, but that was not an issue there. 
13376 Staff was very friendly, nice little bar, great location, and very nice for the price. Lots of nice shopping and restaurants within walking distance! 
13377 I am afraid that I can't compliment the hotel and agree with the other comments further down. A truly mediocre hotel with slapdash service. 
13378 CQ Downtown is good only for business. The Financial District is empty after 7 PM and difficult to find food on Sunday evening. Rooms were tiny and need some refurbishing. Breakfast too expensive. You have in the ... bathroom a`coffee maker. 
13379 I really liked this hotel. The location was great and my room was nice. The bathroom, although small, had a great walk-in shower. The decor in the room was nice and the bed was very comfortable. I will stay here again! 
13380 The staff are very friendly. The location is great. The rooms are clean, modern and comfortable. There is a great comfort diner across the road for breakfast. Wifi is not free $15 for 24hr. I would recommend this hotel to friends. 
13381 sono stata a new york molte volte ma la prima in questo hotel che sicuramente consiglio: posizione strategica, pulito, camere spaziose e fornite di: tv, radiosveglia, asciugacapelli, ferro da stiro. ottima la colazione a 4 dollari al terzo piano. personale gentile e disponibile. 
13382 Great hotel. Nothing fancy, but clean and well managed. Close to metro, Empire State Building, Shake Shack, Flat Iron Building, Central Park, good restaurants. Would recommend to everyone! 
13383 The place was clean. But the hotel has a slighly outdated feel. We always had to wait in line to check in to check out to check in our bags and to check them out. The walls are very thin. We could hear everything out neighbors were saying. No breakfast. 
13384 This hotel doesn't look much from outside or in the corridors but the rooms are very nice and failry big for being New York. the personnel was also very nice and always had a smile. 
13385 Fourth stay at the Metro and as usual eveything okay. Great location, great view and helpful staff. 
13386 Find another hotel. Room was dirty smelled and the sink wouldn't drain. Paid For the night before to have a room ready when I arrived. Was told when I arrived they were very busy and it was hard to find an available room 
13387 Location 2 min from subway and central park. Drainage in our bathroom slow when showering and air conditioner very poor. Rooms good size. 
13388 Great location. Rooms small for Hilton but good size for NY. Room wasn't ready but they held our bags and called us as soon as it was. 
13389 Great hotel, clean, quiet (good soundproofing between rooms), good amenities, great location. Free breakfast was very good. Pubs and deli very close by, and just down the street from Times Square and Grand Central. 
13390 Do you like running in the Park like I do? If so, this is your hotel. Big rooms, coffee bar in the morning, free newspapers, convenient to shopping, bars, and restaurants - but especially, to the Park. Leave the hotel lobby and you're on the 10k loop in 5-7 mins. 
13391 We spent a night there in March, 2012. We were pleased by the location as well as how clean the hotel was. The room was spacious by NY standards with two double beds. Most importantly, it was bed bug free. 
13392 slowest wifi on the planet. literally. terrible room service food. HORRIBLE RESTAURANT EXP. 
13393 Pretty hip, hot and happening place with stunning public areas and extremely tiny rooms. Great location just off Central Park. Arrogant staff mediocre service for price level. 
13394 We had a fantastic time at the Affinia Dumont, the room was big and the kitchen area was great. The staff were really helpful, the bathroom needed updating but other than that everything was perfect. Make sure you try out the pillows from the pillow menu!! Excellent value for money!! 
13395 Great for museums and central park. Upscale, good service, great bed and bath. 
13396 Cool hotel. Great location. Nice roof top bar with great cocktails. 
13397 would recommend - great location, quiet but near subway to times sq and near central park great staff, large well equipped rooms - would stay again - safe too 
13398 top of the line hotel and service except for - the doorman has a pass key for all rooms and entered my room twice showing other guests to their (my) room... 
13399 We had a corner room with amazing views all over central park and Hudson. Loved bar, rooms were bit old here and there, but great place on average 
13400 This hotel has a complete offer of modern concept about the future of hotel. Beautiful place with a excellent service, I spend the better day in my life in this place. I recommend a 100% with the great price and great location, and beautiful concept. 
13401 Stayed for 5 nights. Great Staff, nothing was to much trouble if you needed anything. We stayed in one of the suites it was beautiful and spotless clean. Great location. Will deffinatley stay here again. GENA 
13402 Excelente hotel, muy comodo, con un excelente servicio. 
13403 Loved this Hotel, clean, service very good, and the location was the best. Close to everything. Subway 34th St three steps away. Herald Sq 20 steps away with Macy's and Empire State building around the corner. 
13404 Very good hotel, generally friendly, hellpful staff Recceptionists were very helpfull, especially after a complicated reduction of the stay from 5 to 4 ninights 
13405 Good location for exploring NY, helpful staff, lovely rooms, relaxed atmosphere 
13406 We had an amazing experience at The London! We stayed here right after our wedding and the experience was memorable. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. Also the location was great and we were able to walk to everywhere! Would definitely recommend. 
13407 Nice clean rooms, staff very accomodating. Drawbacks were 8 block walk to the subway, pool has VERY limited hours. 
13408 Rooms small, but very comfortable....staff very friendly...breakfast very delish!...Take the stairs all the way up for a beautiful view of the city both uptown and downtown...We will definately stay at this hotel again! 
13409 Stayed 5 nights and loved the size, location, design, service and food. Rooms are lovely. Will stay again in the future. If traveling as a couple I recommend the 'Loft' type room, the standard room is a bit small. 
13410 Whenever I needed some Me time the Waldorf is my choice in New York City. The impeccable service from the front desk to the quality of care given to your suite. The room service is always well timed and friendly, the food worth every dollar. You will not be disappointed. 
13411 Great location, great price. Stayed for three nights. Rooms were clean and everything was as promised. A/C, TV, fridge,microwave and shower were in excellent condition. The elevators were the only problem with the hotel. Always broken and full at peak times. Otherwise everything was great. Would stay again. 
13412 good service and niece hotel,a little bit expensive,but still a good hotel,need more friendly employees 
13413 Close to 400$ for a small room, no view, no hot water in the morning, shirts brought on hanger when asked for boxed... Nice personel, good lobby but still It was really not good. To avoid! Period! I don't understand how you can charge so much for so little 
13414 I will never stay at this hotel every again, the Customer Service was awful, the room was very tiny. I asked for a double bed and got just that a double TWIN bed horrible. 
13415 Muy ,muy limpio esta en una zona segura y a 2 cuadras del subway ,el personal muy amable ,lo unico malo es q hay que desayunar muy temprano x q sino se termina todo muy rapido ,volveria seguro. 
13416 Very nice hotel located directly across Port Authority and close to Time Square. Friendly service, but not a much variation in breakfast. Walking distance to Time Square and cruise lines at port 63. I can reccomend the hotel and will properly stay there again. 
13417 Stayed 2 nights. Not a bad place to stay, although Bell Captains can be very slow, but besides that all was well. Location ideal. Would recommend although I believe there are better values out there. 
13418 oud hotel met slecht sanitair. echte service is er niet. kamers aan de voorkant hebben een mooi uitzicht over de Hudson. een hotel dat je alleen kiest voor de prijs. Ik ben er 5 maal geweest en heb het overleeft. 
13419 Convenient location, standard double/double is huge by NYC standards, helpful staff, overall a wonderful time. 
13420 You just have to walk into the lobby of this hotel to be totally seduced. It's a very cool place to hang out, and if you can drag yourself away you have 5th Avenue and Times Square on your doorstep! 
13421 Small but comfortable rooms, great breakfast, helpful staff and superb location. 
13422 Hotel posizionato in mezzo a midtown, praticamente sotto l'Empire State Building, a 150 m dalla 5th Ave...a piedi si arriva dovunque! Cuore pulsante di NY! Tranquillo, silenzioso, pulitissimo e personale molto cordiale. Camera Superior Queen confortevole e spaziosa rispetto ai canoni di Manhattan. Consigliato. 
13423 Het hotel vond ik wel oke (qua prijs). De kamer was ook prima (fijn bed). Alleen het ontbijt stelt erg weinig voor: een, in plastic verpakte, muffin of scone. Verwacht daar dus niet veel van. Je kunt beter elders ontbijten. 
13424 The look of this hotel is horrible it looks like an old fashioned night club... the staff is OK !!! their concierge is pretty nice... BTW their complimentary breakfast is crappy.... 
13425 this motel is clean and has all you need for a stay, do not expect anything fancy, after all you are not paying a fancy price. But if you want good basic clean accomodation do not hesitate to stay here. We stayed for 3 nights. 
13426 Comfy hotel with good location. Few blocks away from the grand central station made it very easy to use the subway to go around the city. Only bad thing was that a Hotel with this standard should have free wifi in the rooms. 
13427 From ythe moment we arrived for the weekend until we left 3 days later, the service and staff weere great. I forgot some toiletries and they were delivered in less that 5 minutes by housekeeping. Great bed! 
13428 the best part of this hotel is its location. its close to the park, all midtown attractions, and the subway stop is a stone's throw away. otherwise, there is nothing extraordinary about this hotel. 
13429 Tiny rooms, but clean and the location of the hotel was perfect.breakfast was not great but you could not complain based on what we were paying.would definitely go back 
13430 so cool and chic, i loved this place. An amazing boutique hotel definitly stay here. The service was wonderful price is great for time sqaure location 
13431 Very good experience. The room was great and the location was even better. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful especially Massy. I will recommend this hotel to everyone I know and will defenitely be back soon. 
13432 The staff was so friendly and helpful. Being in the middle of Times Square it's a great place to stay. Damaris had great suggestions for things to do in the city. 
13433 double room was to small even for one person, very small bathroom, all lamps have white uncosy light. But the bed was very comfortable. Really. So for me there is a 3+ star hotel. Stuff very nice and helpful. 
13434 Fab hotel for what you pay, its old but well kept and just recently been renovated, would stay there again within reasonble walking distance to everywhere (but we like walking). 
13435 A very nice and warm hotel to stay in while you're in NY. the pricing if fair, the bar is overcharging though. 
13436 This is a great property in a very convenient location in NYC. The rooms are well appointed, the staff is outstanding, and my overall experience was exceptional. 
13437 My only complaint is that the elevator was slow--otherwise loved the decor. Was pleased with the clean modern room and the front desk staff were courteous and gave us an upgrade for no apparent reason. We will return! 
13438 - expensive for a small room (350$ per night) -right downtown - good experience - its a Hamptons -got a free coupon so thats why I went there, otherwise sleep in New jersey its more affortable 
13439 Prima hotel. Gedeelde badkamer was altijd schoon en altijd vrij. Gelegen aan een rustige straat. Op enige afstand van de belangrijke bezienswaardigheden: het hotel ligt tussen Midtown en Downtown. Goed bereikbaar met metro via Union Square. Aanrader voor rustige nachten in de drukke stad tegen een relatief voordelig tarief. 
13440 Warm, witty, wonderful, we loved everything about the W Union Square: the location was perfect, the rooms very nice with lots of amenities, the staff friendly and helpful. Also ate in the restaurant, excellent! Would not have stayed at W in Broadway or Lexington, but loved this one! 
13441 central heating system of this hotel was so noisy. and worse thing is its not working. the room remained freezy. the location of this hotel was good. little bit stinky area. need a 3or 4blocks from subway st. but only a block from 5Av. 
13442 A fantastic pet friendly hotel with super service and extremely accomodating staff. Nady was awesome! 
13443 The room was small, bathroom tiny, but everything was clean and comfortable. Location great. Staff friendly and helpful. Only downside is very slow elevator service; high speed internet service intermittent. Even so, I would definitely stay again. 
13444 The Palace is a clean international standard hotel on Maddison Avenue and well positioned for Central Park, Times Square etc 
13445 This Hotel is the worst i have ever experienced. very tinny rooms broken furniture and dirty. i would never go there. 
13446 EASY to find. Easy to get in and out of with hands full of luggage, loved the automatic doors. Easy to sleep becuase it was so quiet. Easy to relax with its peaceful pet friendly park behind it. Easy to enjoy... 
13447 This is a good property that is close to my office in NYC. Nothing fancy, but clean and nice with good service. The rooms are small. Not much else to say on this property -- it is all about the easy location to the financial district. Enough said. 
13448 The Sofitel is fine and the staff are extremely helpful and courteous. The room was great, especially the bathroom and the only small complaint would be that the air con system is a little noisy. Fully recommended. (we stayed 11-13th May 2004) 
13449 I booked through hotwire. The location was excellent, however the room I got was the smallest room available. It was no bigger than a cruise ship inside cabin. Housekeeping forgot to leave soap and towels one day. Overall its an ok hotel for the price. 
13450 non fate certo una bella figura a tenere nella vs lista alberghi cosi,toglietelo ! 
13451 Everything about this hotel was perfect--especially the location and the concierge. It is close to Times Square and the major theatres. Also a number of good restaurants nearby. All of the staff members were cheerful and friendly and efficient. The room was small, but cheerful and clean. 
13452 I was there for a business conference. superb room and service... and you pay for it. Very much enjoyed my stay. They have valet parking which is very convenient. Health club on the third floor, wireless internet access costs extra.... that should really be included if a room costs $400. 
13453 Right beside times square and walking distance of broadway and empire state building. Service was excellent and is a classy bistro beside the hotel - bit pricey but great quality. Had a great holiday here and would definitely stay again. 
13454 We stayed for 4 nights last week, had great service from everyone, especially from the door men, they always helped us lift our stroller up and down the stairs and gave great recommendations for local dinning. Room was nice, quiet and clean. 
13455 Wrong end of manhattan, pretty soulless and stark especially the bar. Maight be good if you're ddoing business in the area. No sense of luxury here 
13456 this hotel is in a wonderful location, there were so many amenities there is no need for me to really leave unless I wanted to go visit timesquare. staff was very great very helpful. 
13457 We had a wonderful stay. Great location, wonderful staff who were always friendly and helpful. Love the neighborhood - wonderful restaurants and in walking distance to everything we wanted to see and do. Would stay here again without a doubt. 
13458 good hotel, clean and in the mddle of time square, Een echte aanrader om Manhattan te bezoeken, Alles op loop afstand. 
13459 excellent location and easy to get to. Staff helpful and polite. Hotel decor in need of tiding. We had no extract fan in the ensuite so the room was a little stale smelling. 
13460 I had a very clean room, comfortable bed, and quiet location! More single coffee and condiment packs would have been nice. Our business meetings comfortable. The meals were fantastic!Starbuck's was closed on Sunday...unfortunate. 
13461 This great hotel is elegant and stylish without dominating. The service was excellent throughout and the room perfect. Everything was taken care of and to hand. 
13462 If you are staying in new York this is the place to stay. Top notch staff and right in mid town, nothing is far away. Even if you don't have any activities planned, they can help you out 
13463 This is a lovely oasis in Midtown Manhattan. The room was spacious, clean, and well-appointed. It very much feels like a fine European hotel. The selections of coffees in the morning and gratis newspaper were very much appreciated. We look forward to returning again soon. 
13464 Nice hotel, friendly and informative staff, great location. However, the $15.00 per day wireless charge is unwarranted and insulting. (and hard/impossible to find on the hotel website). 
13465 great location for museums and theatre, loved having Starbucks and Dean and Deluca across street. Would have liked little Cafe for before or after theatre snacks. 
13466 I have been staying at the Brookhollow on business trips consistently for over a year now. As a frequent business traveler, I appreciate a staff who provides quality service and even remembers me from trip to trip. The staff at the Brookhollow fill that bill and are awesome! 
13467 The hotel feels expensive for the value it gives. Additionally, there is a restaurant in the first floor, that is used as a sort of bar-discoteque in the night, and the noise is heard in the rooms. 
13468 Me and my wife were received by a professional and friendly receptionist. Throughout our 4 day stay all the the staff were the same. After checkout we needed assistance on two small matters and this was given promptly. The room was nicely sized. I highly recommend this hotel 
13469 great location,walking distance to restaurants, restaurent next door and diner opposite for breakfast. The rooms were a bit small but very clean and nice, the staff were extremely friendly. I would definately stay there again if and when i visit New York. 
13470 Great hotel in the heart of Manhattan. Food is great. 
13471 Had a spa day at and it was incredible!! The service, the treatment, the spa facilities....could imagine a better way to spend Sunday!!!! 
13472 The Manhattan Club timeshare in NYC is unlike any timeshare we've stayed at. It is more like a studio apartment. It's half a block from Broadway, several blocks from Central Park, walking distance to Times Square. It's a great place to stay for a visit to NYC. 
13473 Montana in security at the W Lexington Avenue took great care of me during this stay. Professional, warm, attentive and caring..she made sure that the front desk enhanced my brief visit with a room upgrade, wine & chocolate strawberries! 
13474 Excelente ubicacion. Cuartos muy agradables. Muy buena atencion de todo el personal excepto en el business center que en las oprtunidades que fui fueron bastante rudos. 
13475 An oasis in the midst of central Manhattan. Excellent location, elegan spacious rooms, discrete security, warm friendly and efficient staff. Will use this as my residence whenever I visit New York in future. 
13476 This is a very nice hotel for a family trip to New York City. Room was comfortable, with a refrigerator and microwave. Nice breakfast buffet is included. Close to Times Square, which makes sightseeing in Manhattan very convenient. 
13477 Great location but expensive. Staff was top notch and accomodated and gave great recommendations for local attractions and runninig routes. Elevator area is crazy busy during the morning hours. Rooms were a bit small but desk area was very nice. 
13478 Good Location. We had to pay for parking and could walk to Galleria. Staff very helpful. I left my shoes and they found them for me. Beds not so great. No WiFi in rooms! 
13479 This is a great hotel and the service is impeccable. I always stay here when I visit NYC. Great location and the rooms are very nice. The staff are very knowledgeable and always eager to assist you. I highly recommend. 
13480 The hotel is stylish and comfortable and the location abounds with a great choice of restaurants and shopping. 
13481 You just can't get a better location in Times Square. Staff were very nice and made sure we had a better room close to the top! Very clean and comfortable. Would definitely stay again. 
13482 The location in Times Square couldn't be better...right in the heart of the city with easy access to all points North, South, East and West! The staff was friendly and helpful. Can't wait to go back! 
13483 It's cheap, basic, rooms are small, and yup you do have to walk up stairs...but we LOVE it! It's clean, the staff has always been super nice, and it's in a great location. It feels like we're staying in Grandma's house and we have stayed quite a few times now!!! 
13484 I would stay here again breakfast was good lots of variety breakfast area was clean as well A.Room was verry clean WAS A PLEASURE TO BE THERE AT A BUDGET PRICE VERRY EASY TO FIND 
13485 Great location on Central Park South. Rooms are very nice. Bathrooms huge with lots of space for toiletries and include a nice sized tub in addition to shower. Flat screens with all kinds of visitor info in rooms. Service in hotel was very good. 
13486 Located on a busy freeway but had a quiet night. Restaurant choice within 200 yards. Excellent rooms. 
13487 We had a great stay. Circumstances made our stay 3 days longer than planned but the hotel was fantastic and let us continue our stay at the rate we agreed upon. 
13488 I thought the price was very high for a very average hotel room. The room was clean but looked a little worn. The location was convenient and the staff very friendly. I was very surprised and disappointed they did not have room service for breakfast. 
13489 I like to be greated with a smile. That is what I received as I walked in. Very respectful, check in was a breeze. Very Helpul Staff. Even going up the elevator with the employees was a good experience. I will definitely stay here on my next trip. 
13490 Great service and the rooms were nice and cozy. It was close to subways, since I do not like to drive around manhattan. Overall, I had a great experience. 
13491 we stay at the Michelangelo hotel in n.y. every year. Best location, everyone there is helpful and friendly. Lovely rooms and is just a cozy place. We would not stay anywhere else. 
13492 Close to Times Square, subways, easy access matched with clean, comfortable and safe. Competitively priced with hotels of the same quality/brand. 
13493 Rooms were a good size plenty of space. Poor service in resturant and a very poor choice for breakfast not worth the $15 we paid each. Location of hotel was ok. Reception staff and bell boy were miserable and unhelpful. The Hotel could do with upgrading as its alittle tired. 
13494 Great Service/Great Location/Great Price (for what you get)Joe and Linda Schmeiler 
13495 A clean and new Homewood Suites in a shopping area near NASA's Johnson Space Center. We had an excellent stay. Recommended. 
13496 a warm place in new york in the centre of the city......good location ...most comfortable rooms.....tastiest cookies available in new york and most of all don't panic if you leave something behind ....they will take care of it..... 
13497 I stayed at this hotel on 5/17/2012. They were very accomodating and helpful and the room couldnt have been nicer! There is a great grocery store across the street and several restaurants within walking distance. Definitely a neighborhood feel! 
13498 Very impressed with this hotel. Rooms were great and the location was excellent. Close to Navy Pier and excellent restuarants near the hotel. The front desk staff and the Concierge were excellent. Also very close to the Hop on and Hop bus stop. 
13499 Uncaring Staff and a HUGH RAT outside front door, a terrible experience 
13500 Honestly, they did a great job. The door guys were great, the people at the front desk were great and the price was cheap. Not all that close to a subway station but it is within walking distance. All and all a great visit! And and the gym/pool were wonderful! 
13501 Te hacen hacer un deposito con tu tarjeta de credito del 20%, (es obligatorio dicen) y luego no lo descuentan del pago contado que tienes que hacer una vez que llegas. Es mentira lo del los 22 dolares, termina siendo 28,45 por dia!!!!! 
13502 90+ degree days - little or no A/C. Used condom found in the bathroom, which was dirty in additon to this -- shabby furniture (pull out couch broken) breakfast room understaffed and not very clean - overall this place is a dump 
13503 Great location for the theater, good food. Even walked to the Javitts Center where I had business. 
13504 The Marrakech is an upbeat place to stay in a great location. A lot of young people were staying there and it was a perfect place for a night in New York. The staff is exceptional and room was clean and quiet. 
13505 Wonderful hotel for a moderate price. Great staff, superb accomodations, and best of all-walking distance to all the icon NYC theatres and Times Square. 
13506 Eventhough we stayed only 1 night;I can tell you that the location was great.Very clean rooms,the hotel staff was very nice and friendly.I would stay again... 
13507 For a 25 million dollar renovation I expected more. Rooms were good size. Dont stay in room 245 you will be awakened but the thrusting of the gargage. Get a high floor. Make sue ac works we switched rooms due to it. Small lobby area. Location ok 
13508 Hotel met goede prijs-kwaliteit verhouding. Kamer was klein, en sanitair aan vernieuwing toe. Hier staat tegenover dat het mooi ingericht was, erg netjes en schoon, vriendelijk personeel en een metrostation voor de deur! 
13509 very nice location, elegant atmosphere, rooms are clean and well maintained, front desk was not friendly at all, worried about security in the hotel seemed uncontrolled, restaurants were ok but no more. 
13510 Warwick is situated close to everything you want to do in New York, theatre, shopping, sightseeing etc. and their staff are making you feel welcomed. Ask for something, and it is done before you get back to your room. Fantastic breakfast. Fantastic concierge and frontdesk-staff. 
13511 Staff was very nice. My room was quite small and untidy. Also the shared bathrooms werent so great. Overall it was a place to sleep at, rather quiet and cheap! (Can only recommend to people without children.) 
13512 Great deal for $135 and my son got his for $100. I can see how it would be noisy, but we had a corner room. Rooms are small but clean and nice hard bed. 
13513 First the negatives- Overpriced. The rooms were fairly small and the hallways were just depressing design-wise. And the positives....Location great, service good. Clean....Comfy beds 
13514 We had a very good experience, the staff is very warm and the atmosphere is relaxing, we will gladly go back. 
13515 Nos parecio una buena eleccion. Huele un poco a cigarro en las areas comunes, como el hall de espera del elevador en los pisos de las habitaciones, quiza usar un poco de aromatizante para neutralizar los aromas. 
13516 Cassa is centrally located to all the Midtown attractions. We liked that it was far enough away from Times Square but still close to all the other fun places. Front desk was friendly. The rooms were appointed nicely. Really liked the open shower and bathroom vanity. 
13517 Midtown, right next to Grand Central Station, the location couldn't be better. Hotel is very modern and chic, but rooms were surprisingly small. Bathroom could have be cleaner. Snack shop in the lobby charges $3 for a soda. Staff is super nice and helpful. 
13518 This hotel is really wonderful, I stayed a week here. The room was very clean, comfortable. Also added that the hotel workers were very nice people, especially Landry. Thank you very much Newton Hotel. 
13519 Nothing beats a beautiful weekend in NY, with the Waldorf as your base. Elegant,and up to date, over the top service. the accommodations were FIRST CLASS. As a Hilton Diamond member check in and luggage handling was expedited and personal. I don't think our saty could have been any better 
13520 The hotel was very elegant and the staff were wonderful. The hotel is amazingly located- very convenient to walk anywhere. The restaurant/bar was great. Our stay could not have been improved upon. 
13521 Stayed in the Hilton for 5 days, very comfortable and clean room and close to everything.. Pretty expensive but all staff were friendly and helpful..Would stay again.. 
13522 Other reviews mentioned that rooms are small and outdated; I agree with them, but as far as service, location and convenience, hard to beat! Took transit at front door to get to many sites , museums, walked to Chicago architecture boat tour, shopping galore! New funky looking lobby area. 
13523 I love this Hotel! It was tastefully decorated, and unique. The bar serves wonderful drinks too. Every single staff person was extermely friendly. The room and bathroom (with Bliss products-yay!) had all the bells and whistles! 
13524 We stayed at this hotel twice during our mini-tour of the US. The hotel was about a 5 minute walk from Grand Central Station and provided a great base for us to explore New York. Rooms were clean but not that spacious. Would definitely recommend if you don't mind walking. 
13525 bien situe a cote de central park et dela 5 avenue ligne metro a proximite chambre bien equipee sechoir table et fer a repasser coffre micro onde frigo accessoire pour se faire cafe ou the tv ecran plat prix tres interessant 
13526 I really liked this place, the room was spacious and staff were lovely and there was this very friendly porter who always was opened the door and very smiley. In my opinion it was great in every way and near everything :) 
13527 great location, in a quiet neighborhood but only a short walk to Times Sq, staff very courteous and helpful, were able to meet all our needs all what you would expect from a Kimpton, would stay there again next time in NYC 
13528 Comfortable lobby with good drinks, excellent restaurant in times square, close to broadway. Well furnished rooms and friendly, problem solving staf, plus an otopark right infront of the hotel.. We stayed 3 nights and were happy with the service and hotel. 
13529 We couldn't fault the staff, especially those on reception. I want to mention "Cathy" and say a very big thank you to her for all of her help and for being so kind. Will definitely be staying at the Paramount on our next visit to New York. 
13530 Just to reiterate the positive comments of previous reviewers. Huge rooms, clean and comfortable. Excellent value, prime location, great city. 
13531 And the hotel itself - not so bad, it was oputdated, but there is a charm in it. I liked it. My back is a very special creature :) But those matresses satisfyed it. Nice place, nice hotel. 
13532 Great location that is safe. You can walk to everything. Great staff! Clean and a very large space for your money. Have stayed there before and am never disappointed. I was on the upper floor and had a perfect view of the Empire State Building all lit up at night. 
13533 The doorman, Brian, is so friendly, warm and helpful. He made our stay extra special! 
13534 Recently returned from a 5 night stay at The Casablanca. Extremely helpful staff and a good, clean, comfortable hotel albeit a little too expensive for what it is. 
13535 Um hotel bem localizado, com quartos limpos e moveis novos, cama pequena mas muito confortavel, otimo atendimento por parte dos funcionarios que foram educados e atenciosos. Voltaria com certeza! 
13536 Stayed at the Jefferson while in NYC for a conference. During Ad-Tech Hotel prices always sky-rocket. Spent a week at this hotel. Rooms were small. Door wouldn't open fully even, but hotel had everything you need and was clean. Would recommend this hotel to anybody who's on a budget. 
13537 Big W fan here but this hotel could use some help...rooms are the smallest I have ever seen, smaller than rooms in europe! Clean YES but what a price for such a tiny space! 
13538 We hosted a banquet there August 5th and it was simply amazing! Piper Heinrich and her staff created a marvelous atmosphere and provided exemplary service from start to finish. The food was prepared wonderfully and the set up was beautiful. They did an amazing job. 
13539 I stayed here on business and it was pretty good for its price. Negatives are: no conditioner, so my hair looked like dry hay; oddly shaped and somewhat small rooms; and reaaaaaally slow computers in the business area. Good stuff: good location, decent fitness room, free wireless. 
13540 No bugs or animals loved the room lots of space worth the stay 
13541 We had two rooms here in August 2011. The place is wonderful. Great rooms, staff, and the prices are very reasonable considering what you get for your money. The location was fantastic for us too. 
13542 I had a delightful stay at this property in March 2012 for business. The rooms were enormous and very clean. The water had to be shut off overnight while we were there for the purpose of roadwork but the hotel was very accommodating with supplying us bottles of water. 
13543 estuve solo una noche en este hotel, pues una de las sabanas de la cama tenia agujeros de quemadura con cigarro (ya no habia habitaciones de no fumar). las cortinas que dan al pasillo estaban demasiado sucias. el servicio de internet (wifi), no llegaba a la habitacion 
13544 Would stay here again, the staff was very helpful. Rlounge was amazing, Karen was our waitress for three nights, very attentive. Great views of times square. 
13545 Good location. Very friendly staff. Could be a little cleaner. Well lit at night. 
13546 Came to New York in the summer of 2011........ couldnt have found a better hotel. Great location, located bang in the middle of Midtown........ 5 minutes walk to Central Park and 5 minutes walk in the opposite direction to Times square. Staff, food, rooms, everything was amazing. 
13547 Isn't it wonderful when your check in experience sets the tone for your entire stay? That's how it was with our recent stay at this hotel. The reception we received by Chris was terrific. He even helped with problems I was having with my mobile phone. 
13548 I loved my stay at the W. Clean rooms are a must for me and this room was great. Awesome view of Times Square. The bar scene was fun as well. 
13549 Very nice accomodations, and very helpful desk staff. The restaurant has wonderful offerings. The Italian breakfast is great. The location is centrally located between two different subway lines. The rooms are not spacious, but are functional and comfortable. 
13550 Right in the middle of Time Square. The rooms are nice size and were very clean. Only issue is the elevator system. 
13551 Great clean hotel , safe and great location... love this place 
13552 Staff was nice, charming decor. Photography for the 'room' and representation of available space was quite generous with the truth. Downtown Houston is expensive and supposedly exclusive, as well as NOISY. Facade and other appearance upgrades for the hotel should have included noise abatement. 
13553 I was in Chicago for a work conference. Was upgraded to a suite upon arrival. Very, very friendly staff who were all focused on guest service, great rooms and great location. Would absolutely stay again. 
13554 This was the most restful, easiest to find, closest to all the theaters...hotel. It was clean, tidy, plenty of hot water, and very helpful with gaining tickets to all events (even a reservation at Sardis) 
13555 Great location for all things Times Square; shopping, restaurants, night life. Clean, comfortable, and helpful staff. Breakfast buffet was good, but expensive at $26. Probably better off finding a near by deli for breakfast. As with most downtown NYC hotels, quite pricey but worth it for the convenience. 
13556 Ditto to what everyone else has said - this is a very nice property, great location, nice staff and great quality for the price. 
13557 Good little hotel. Great location. Good size rooms for NY. Nice terrace bar with views over rockefeller centre, radio city and st patricks. Menu looked good but only had breakfast which was fine. Would stop again. 
13558 Oud hotel vlakbij het Empire State Building. Op loop afstand van Time Square en de metro, Macy's. Geen echt ontbijt, maar wel koffie of thee met muffins in de ochtend. Kamers zijn oud, maar de bedden zijn goed. Airco maakt wel veel herrie. 
13559 Elevator noise in room was terrible; wifi very expensive; business section very small; rooftop Bar very nice, but expensive. 
13560 Great place with a very good breakfast. Small nice rooms. The cleaning of the room could be better. Great service for informations and tours! 
13561 Clean,Tidy and comfortable.. The Staff was extremely gracious and helpful. Will definately be back once the referbishments are complete. The Location is excellent handy and within walking distance to most tourist hotspots and subway. 
13562 Camere piccolissime e pulizia carente....molto carente. unica nota positiva la posizione:a due passi da Times Square. 
13563 Recently stayed at this hotel before beginning a rail trip across the US. Everything about this hotel was first class from the reception to the hotel rooms 
13564 Wonderful hotel. Rooms not only unique but extremely comfortable. Friendliness of staff was outstanding. The staff went above and beyond on every single request. Breakfast at the hotel was delicious and very reasonably priced. 
13565 I only stayed one night but I wish it could have been longer. The room was gorgeous and the service was efficient, everyone very welcoming and sincerely helpful. 
13566 I stayed at this hotel for one night while in Houston for a job interview. My room was clean and comfortable, the workers were friendly and they provided a good breakfast. There was a room mix-up, but this was quickly rectified. A good experience overall. 
13567 Found another bedbug free hotel in NYC. Price was cheap for NY, great location near Penn station and Chelsea. Nothing to rave about other than no bedbugs! Rooms really small, staff ok, rooms felt ok'd but clean and reasonably priced, especially for the area. 
13568 This is a beautiful hotel and a great location. I walked almost everywhere and shuttles were provided any place that I couldn't walk to. When I return to Chicago, I definitely will call this hotel. Cheers, Haley 
13569 The Marmara is a very good hotel in NYC, well located near the mainly avenues in the city and the subway green line. The services are very good, try it. 
13570 This hotel continues to be a honest choice price/location wise. Front desk people could be less smily and more effective, perhaps lack of experience, but concierge has it all. 
13571 Great hotel. Loved the quirky touches in the room. Pump Bar was a great way to drink away 4 hours after flight delayed. Great service, never had to wait for a drink. Will stay next time for sure. 
13572 While an older facility, it has been spruced up nicely. The room was clean and spacious; the welcome amenities were appreciate; the lobby bar was friendly; but it was the above-and-beyond attitude from the front desk made all the difference. 
13573 Nice room for a family of 3. Excellent and helpful service. Rooms very clean and beds great. Some notice from street but not more than one could expect. Subway stations within walking distance. Not a five star but value for money. Jan 
13574 Typical Holiday Inn experience, not flashy but dependable. Only negative is that this was a little pricey for the typical Holiday Inn. Everything was solid, though. 
13575 Our first visit to Chicago for just a visit to see the sights.. The Whitehall was recommended by a friend, and the location couldn't have been better for a first time visitor. the room was very nice and service was excellent. Only downside was the small elevator. 
13576 We arrived well before check-in time and our room was ready! Fantastic and warm service from all staff. Excellent location, comfortable beds, spacious room, delicious buffet that is reasonably priced. All of this makes this a primo New York hotel for the money. We would definitely stay here again! 
13577 -particulierement bien situe -hotel de luxe -piece avec vue sur central park au 41 eme etage fantastique (diff de prix justifiee) -hotel silencieux sauf les portes qui claquent. -tres bien tout de meme 
13578 Excellent location. Slept well, but ridiculously high beds. You practically need a ladder to get into them. Good swimming pool. Thought the bellboy could have been a bit more polite. He obviously thought he wasn't tipped enough. Even the taxi driver commented on it. Would stay here again. 
13579 Rooms dirty and small. No customer service. Inaccurately charge your credit card and you have to fight like the dickens to get your refund. BEWARD - very poorly run. 
13580 Comfortable, modern, well equipped, clean room! Good selection at breakfast. Free wine, beer and snacks selected evening lovely touch. Great location! Would highly recommend! 
13581 The London Hotel for me has a great location,also very comfortable rooms and suites. The bathrooms are larger than any average NYC hotel bathroom. The staff is very friendly and will make you feel at home always. 
13582 Good location, nice outdoor space, small and old fashion rooms. 
13583 All I can say is outstanding in EVERY way. I am a, very, very fussy traveler but was incredibly impressed with The Marriot Downtown They went out of their way to make our stay perfect. Absolutely fantastic customer service. 
13584 El hotel Carter tiene una excelente ubicacion para estar en NY. esta en el Time Square. cerca de todo, es lo mejor que tiene este hotel. Por que despues la atencion es bastante mala. Pero por el precio que se paga ..es realmente muy barato para tan excelente ubicacion. 
13585 Wanted to stay here, great location, made reservation with credit card for Friday July 4. at last minute I couldn't go, at 4:30 on that very same day. hotel gave me full refund! helpful staff. I will stay there any time I need a NYC hotel. 
13586 Pros: The room was very clean, easy check-in, the staff were very friendly, comfy beds, great location - close to pretty much everything (shops, pharmacy, food, tourist attractions) Cons: small bathroom/basin 
13587 Exceptional people at the front desk. Good room at a reasonable price. Could not ask for more at check in and check out. 
13588 Medical Center Holiday Inn and Suites is the perfect location for business or for health related stays. The rooms are large - great beds and TV's in the room! The Rice University area is very close and offers many great dining and shopping options. 
13589 Easy, convenient, loved the electronic check-in and the hip vibe.. The rooms are small- but did you really come to New York to spend time in your room??? 
13590 Outstanding. It is in difficult times that the best stand out. Everyone at the Four Seasons NY did an excellent job to minimize the side effects of Sandy. We were overwhelmed on their proactive planning. 
13591 Fantastic location 1 min walk from Times Square. Hotel could do with a coat of paint and updating. We unfortunately didn't have refurbished rooms but our rooms did have very comfortable beds and a good shower. When I go back to New York I would definitely stay here again. 
13592 Loved the Hotel Indigo ...great location for Fall Fashion Week. Clean and friendly staff. I love the comtempory decor. The Hotel Indigo was a great location for attending the Fall Fashion Show in NYC. 
13593 Stayed at this hotel for St. Patrick's Day weekend (03/13-03/15/09). Clean, comfortable, easy access to parking. A bit of a hike to downtown area, but window shopping along the way was pleasant. Would be very convenient to Soldier Field. 
13594 Good hotel to stay at! Don not miss an opportunity to book a room there.Everything is located nearby. We loved it. 
13595 Good Location, Good Service, Rooms Need Updating However, but nothing could have put a damper on our Trip. 2nd Row Seats to Janet Jackson and the amazing part...meeting her after for a photo op! 
13596 A good hotel close to everything but the best aspect was it is quiet, great after a long flight from Melbourne. The room had everything one needs. 
13597 Mike perisin was extremely helpful during my stay, going out of his way to provide quick and responsive service. He got my luggage, was sure that my room was adequate, and asked if all was well. I appreciated his commitment to top service. 
13598 My husband and I had a very nice stay accept for the construction work noise and delay in being able to attain our room in a reasonable time period. Location couldn't have been better and the staff is excellent. Rooms were adequate and service was very good. 
13599 Staying as a single lady I was very impressed with the knowledge and helpful attitude of the staff. The rooms were refurbished recently and quite large by NY standards. Just 7 mins walk from Times Square. Will definitely return to this hotel. 
13600 We stayed in room 2023... It was bigger than my apartment. This is a gorgeous hotel in NYC. We were very comfortable there. 
13601 Great midtown location, Central Park, Times Square, Broadway, 5th Ave, etc. all within walking distance. 
13602 A modern and comfortable hotel that is just a block from Time Square. High tech with large flat screen tv and touch screen computers in each room. Attentive and friendly staff. Too bad about pay wifi - a cheep move straight out of 1999. 
13603 Stayed at Hotel Derek at the beginning of June. The stay was pleasant and the staff was nice. Very busy area, but not bad for the price. 
13604 I am having a great time here at the Hotel, I truly Enjoy the breakfast and the waitress Maria, was polite, respectful, and professional 
13605 Hotel has undergone extensive renovations that bring the quality up to much greater than their current rating. The management appears to be very focused on providing great hospitality with pleasant staff and lovely rooms. My stay was for business, which gave me all needed amenities while providing great comfort. 
13606 Awesome room, with a fantastic view of the Empire State & Chrysler & Pan Am Buildings. Great 70's retro decor!! Great location and a pool on the 30th floor overlooking the UN. Want to go back and stay there again!! 
13607 Very nice hotel in city center. Litttle expensive but worth it. Close to all the shops and the river. I would strongly recommend it. Staff are very nice and helpful you don't need a car its at the heart of Chicago and also very close to Michael Jordan's restaurant. 
13608 Love being at the Hilton Ave. of Americas. Convenient to everything. I stay in the lower tower and the renovated rooms are great. I love the waiters in the Marketplace for breakfast. I slip back in for coffee refills. 
13609 very central and good location. clean and kind. no frozen .polite and kind staff. good choice 
13610 This hotel was just perfect for us. Good value, brilliant location, spacious rooms and very comfy beds. There was a coffee machine and a small refridgerator in the room. 
13611 the whole family liked the suite. we had 2 double bedrooms and 1 huge sitting room with kitchen ; every room had huge tv, from our room could see the whole of Newyork literally 
13612 Nice hotel in a very nice area of Manhattan. Employees are very welcoming and friendly. I higly recommend this hotel 
13613 Very pleasant stay... The service of the staff was very professional and accomodating! 
13614 Excellent after theatre spot. Great food and view. Service was excellent--Dereck was our server and he was very attentive and fun. Helps to make a reservation as we were seated right away on a saturday night after the show. 
13615 This is the best Hampton Inn & Suites I have ever stayed at. Reasonable price as compare to the other Hotels in the area.Vey friendly staff. 
13616 I used to live this hotel for 14 years. Now that I don't live in NYC anymore, this is my favorite hotel. I know the area and it is close to everything whenever I need my NYC fix :) 
13617 Muy cercano a la zona importante de Fifth Ave, de la zona sur de Central Park, comunicado a estaciones del metro, a 6 minutos a pie a Times Square. La habitacion amplia, limpia, agradable y servicio de internet. 
13618 Great location-- walking distance to the Galleria mall, across the street from a couple great restaurant-bar spots, and a few short blocks from a 24-hour CVS. The biggest plus for me was the free laundry, especially since I stayed for almost two weeks. I'd stay here again. 
13619 Great hotel, great location, great service. These guys know how to run hotels. We were taken care of from the minute we arrived. Rooms and sleep were great even though we were only a block from times square. No real noise. 
13620 Wow, maybe they didn't like me here. The best thing about the room was the bathroom. The bed was tiny, the first room we got had a loud and squeaky bed. The room was tiny, the view was not that great. I wouldn't stay here again. 
13621 This hotel is located within the Galleria Shopping Mall. So, if you plan on shopping, this is the best place to stay. The hotel is quite modern, but servces are not that good. Anyway, I highly recommend it and will stay again. 
13622 We had a wonderful stay at this beautiful hotel. It has a central location, next to the flatiron building. The staff was extremely nice. There's a computer with complimentary acess to the internet wich was great! Hope to come back some day... 
13623 Room was not ready when they said, gave away our suite 
13624 Very comfy beds and great staff. I stayed three nights last week and would definitely return. 
13625 The staff was great, I got a free upgrade into a suite. The only problem was the windows are poor builder grade windows that are original, if your room faces the freeway and the window wont shut all the way like mine it can get a little noisy. 
13626 10-day stay with 3 kids. Suite very spacious, 2 tv's a plus! Beds very comfortable. Nice to have fridge. Took full advantage of free breakfast which offered a good variety. Business center convenient. Front desk staff friendly & attentive. Great location for restaurants, shopping. Will return! 
13627 We stayed here for business purposes, the staff was amazing. Hotel was clean and quiet. We had no use for the shuttle, however we did notice that it ran constantly. 
13628 If you're worried that NYC is overwhelming, hectic and full of stressed out strangers, you're partially right BUT don't worry about that, as this hotel is the 100% antidote: relaxing, warm, cozy and primed to make you feel at home. 
13629 Praticamente nel cuore di Manhattan, dalla nostra finestra riuscivamo a vedere le luci di Time Square che era a 50 metri dalla sistemazione, molto vicino a Central Park e alla stupenda 5 Ave...Hotel e vacanza Favolosa...il miglio compleanno (21 anni) della mia vita!! 
13630 Das Hotel befindet sich mitten in Chinatown, direkt neben der Manhattan Bridge. Bei offenen Fenster versteht man kein Wort im Zimmer, bei geschlossenem Fenster ist alles gut (gut isolierte Fenster) und es gibt eine Klimaanlage. Zum Schlafen reicht es allemal. 
13631 Large rooms, clean and well maintained Clean well equipt bathroom Free safe in room Excellent location Helpful informative staff Far better than was expected 
13632 Nice pool, good brunch, good front desk & shuttle service 
13633 Very close to most major attractions or to the subway station that can get you to most attractions. Clean and comfortable. 
13634 Stayed here during the Columbus Day weekend and thought it was a great deal, especially the free garage parking. Within easy walking distance to Time Square, the Circle Line, the subway, anything you could possibly want. Hotel room and was fine. Don't understand the recent negative reviews. 
13635 we had a great stay at hotel zaza. everyone that worked there was very helpful and did not seemed bothered when asked a question. the food was excellent. we had a great time and plan to stay there again. 
13636 Not sure what the great reviews are all about. Normally top rated hotels are unique or provide great value. This was just a Hilton Garden. Service is what you'd expect, pretty good. Location is great, but there are thousands of hotels in great locations in NYC. 
13637 Clean, safe, friendly staff, down the block from subway. All at a great price! 
13638 Great location,2 blocks from subway(Broadway & 96th) Great rate Clean, got a room with a newly renowed bathroom. love that! good size. 
13639 Hello, I just would like to say that for the price we paid (228$/night) the rooms and the accomodations were very good. One thing could be bettre: breakfast! There is not much room for a lot of guests and the food could be better. 
13640 This hotel is in a great location, right in Time Square. The rooms are large and comfortable--this is somewhat rare in Manhattan. Breakfast is included every morning. While it's a pretty basic breakfast, it is very much appreciated by a family staying in Manhattan. We would definitely stay here again. 
13641 Highly recommend this hotel...Excellent Location & Great Service! Couldn't have asked for anything more. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. I will definitely come back and stay at the New York Palace! 
13642 hotel Blake was recomended by local buisness as a great "Boutique" hotel, We found the staff very helpfull & friendly, Great location in printers row, Just blocks from Millenioum Park , waterfront, & Magnificant Mile. We will be back !!! 
13643 Wonderful stay at the New York Marriot!! I stayed at the hotel with a friend during the week of June 20th to the 24th and it was a great experience... Very friendly. Employees are quick to help any way that they can. 
13644 Stayed @ the W through Christmas. Nelson @ the Front Desk and the entire team @ the hotel made our stay very warm and enjoyable. I travel extensively for business and this hotel is in my Top 5 worldwide for service; quality; location; etc. 
13645 This property is in the perfect location for a Chicago getaway. Close to shopping, dining, and the waterfront. Nicely appointed rooms and professional staff. 
13646 The breakfast in particular was very disappointing. The full english breakfast was very much on the small side, better off crossing the road to an irish pub. 
13647 Likes: Rooms great, view ok, very clean rooms and staff very friendly. Dislikes: Hallways are not airconditioned! Thats on all floors :( might not seem like much but when your there in 102 degree heat you might be suprised. 
13648 I thought that our stay at the hotel was fantastic, the staff was very courtious and the service provided was excellent throughout the stay. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NYC, especially those that want an ideal Times Square locatiom. Great fun! 
13649 The staff here is super but the room was so anticlimactic... You sure can't beat the location. 
13650 Modern hotel, professional staff make for a great stay 
13651 Come tutti gli hotel della zona Times Square spennano per bene i turisti che arrivano per ilcapodanno nella famosa piazza (che sconsiglio) comunque la posizione e' ottima per vivere la vita newyorkese a piedi 
13652 Comfortable room. Great view from the rooftop bar. What I have come to expect from Kimpton. The only downside was the location. Nothing striking about the neighborhood but still only a cab ride from anywhere I wanted to go. 
13653 Great brand new (1 year old) hotel. Clean rooms and helpful staff. Only one block away from Broadway, close to shops and everything, but far away enough from the noisy Times Square. Definitely value for money. Will definitely go back one day. 
13654 Good compared to its cheap price. Good location. Bathrooms clean. Elevator too small. Very narrow hallway. Spacious room for 2 bunk bed dorm. 
13655 We have stayed at this hotel about 4 times and never had any problems. The Hotel is located a block away from 5th Avenue and a block away from Times Square. The rooms are clean and a nice size. You won't be disapointed with this hotel. 
13656 The staff was so details oriented and made me fell very special. Great Location and customer service. 
13657 My boyfriend & I went there for New Year'S Eve 2011. Everything was perfect! The location is amazing! The manager Natalie was amazingly professional & nice. 
13658 Friendly staff, clean rooms, brilliant location very happy with our stay at Hampton Inn. 
13659 Althought the hotel is poorly marked and a little tough to find, it is well worth it! Clean rooms, warm pool, friendly staff, tasty breakfast! I would definately stay here again! 
13660 After being in many hotels around the world, there is no other place like the Iroquois! The staff, cleanliness and comfort gets better with every stay. We will definitely choose and recommend others to choose the Iroquois as their Midtown Manhattan hotel! We look forward to staying there again! 
13661 This hotel was very reasonable for it's location. We were able to walk to Central Park and Times Square. Our room was a fairly decent size for NYC and we even had a window looking out over the outdoor patio (another rarity in NYC). 
13662 Very Good service. the restraunt is nice and the people and service have been very good. 
13663 this hotel was small, but nice - and the floor i was staying on was home to visiting german gay pornstars, which made it LOADS of fun for me - the front desk assistant had fun too 
13664 I stayed in this hotel in jan 2011for my 50 th birthday,hotel was great,staff very friendly,concierge very knowledgeable.Bertrand the bartender was friendly and pleasant.would only like to say a coffee maker in the room would be good other than that hotel first class. 
13665 I have had the pleasure of staying at The Sheraton Brookhollow several times for business. I have all my out of town business guest stay here also. Customer Service is so fantastic I would stay here on a personal visit also. Great Job Angelica Schaefer and staff! 
13666 Good hotel. Was there for a conference and the hotel was good. But the gym and the pool was extra and not included in the price. But good location and nice bar/sitting area. Would go back to this hotel. 
13667 The hotel is very good, located at 45st almost in the corner of 3rd av walking distance to most atractions , nice rooms with Loccitane amenities and has a nice staff The only downside is the shower , difficult to use I will definitively go back 
13668 i never found staff so acid in my hotels experience. The cleaner get into my room while i was naked after a shower. The bathroom wasn't clean at all.. an hundred bucks in the trash. 
13669 We stayed at the Sofitel April 4th and 5th. Everything was perfect and exceded our expectations. Definitely looking forward to staying there again. 
13670 hey everyone this is riyadh a legal adviser at STC i stayed at Park Central for two days i have met a very nice people over there especially (Ellen) who is working at the front disk ,,she is so helpful and more than nice to our family,,, regards riyadh 
13671 The room would have been perfect, only marred by cigarette burns here and there. The pillow top mattress would have provided a nice rest, if it weren't for the very loud and generally inconsiderate displaced New Orleanians. 
13672 This is a grate hotel for young copuls traveling to NYC. We spened 5 nights. It was clean, had a helpfull concierge. Small rooms, but we did not go to NY to stay in a hotel so it did not matter. 
13673 Also bid on Priceline for about $140 which we felt was a great price for NYC. Room was nice, clean and efficient. Only problem we had was luke-warm shower in the morning. Every staff member we encountered was very friendly and willing to help. Would stay there again. 
13674 We stayed in a newly renovated room facing Times Square. Very nice room and large especially for NYC! 
13675 I had stayed in the Hampton inn for seven nights in june 2010 which was great in every aspect.Stayed again in June this year for one night with family and freinds following a cruise. Enjoyed our stay as much as last time.Will return again. 
13676 Again, I found this hotel while searching for an affordable place to stay in New York. The Lucerne is a nice hotel, good amenities and very good service and staff. A little out-of-the-way location for much of New Yorks key areas but the value makes up for it. 
13677 Nothing bad to say about the experience. Rooms were clean, staff was friendly, continental breakfast was decent. 
13678 We were lucky to be recommended this hotel really friendly staff especially Emily so clean and comfortable good location amazing lift We will definately be back from David and Margot Carson Scotland 
13679 Bedbugs!!!! No acknowledgement, no bill adjustment, just fill out a form for Security. I showed the manager a bite, and I am still itching like crazy! Only where my body was in contact with the bed did I have bites. 
13680 Stayed here for one weekend night, the room was on the small side but nice, and for the cost (<200) and the location, definitely a great value. 
13681 I love everything about AKA United Nations. The hotel is kept well and in modern deco. Room is very comfy, clean and well equipped. This was definitely a five star experience! The room is huge! The staff is friendly and the location is great! Very highly recommended!!! 
13682 If you want to feel like someone special, stay at the W Union Square. The staff there makes you feel right at home from the front door, to the front desk, to the bar and most impressive, the concierge. It truly is Whatever, Whenever. 
13683 The property is being upgraded and I had one of the new rooms. Very high tech and comfortable. Great bed and bath. Excellent breakfast and late night lounge. Next door to Grand Central. The staff was exceptional. I'll be back! 
13684 Very centrally located for great dining, entertainment and specially shopping. The Tower Lounge has breakfast, lite lunch (enough) and happy hour. The views from the Tower rooms are the best in NY. Service at the hotel is excelent. 
13685 This is a beautiful hotel on Michigan Avenue. The moment you walk in the door, you feel the elegance. I was greeted well by the front desk agent and concierge was also very helpful. The room was quite spacious and quiet. Lovely all around. I will definitely stay here again. 
13686 Excellent experience.....spacious! Good location and great service! Good for the price! Very clean! The corner suite with double beds was enormous! 
13687 Location location location very good. Nice service. Cannot beat the price. 
13688 Good hotel, very good location, especially if you travel to Newark (direct train to Penn Station). Paid a higher rate for a higher quality room but the room was not too much of a higher quality. In general, good hotel and decent price. 
13689 Typical Hampton Inn. Clean good sleep quality and decent breakfast. Will chose again if in the area 
13690 Excellent location. Room was adequate, but as the hotel is practically on Times Square you probably won't spend much time there. It was also the cheapest hotel in the area. 
13691 My boyfriend and I went to New York 2 weeks ago. We stayed in the St. James Hotel. A very great location. Room clean, free wifi..all you need to see is around there...All the staffs are warm and helpful.Strongly recommend St. James for your next stay! 
13692 Great hotel in a good location with attentive staff. The rooms were above average size exceptionally clean and well equipped. This helped to make our holiday a memorable one. 
13693 Before going to the hotel, I read mixed information about this hotel, and it is true that there are very different kind of rooms: very simple to very nice. Location is very good, niche neighborship, many subway lines near by. 
13694 Perfect location, facilities and manner of staff. Fully recommended !!! 
13695 Price quoted was not price charged, poor value, poor room compared to Crowne plaza in uk 
13696 This facility is a pleasent surprise. The rooms are large, clean and bright. THe staff is friendly and helpfull. Additionally, its location is excellent since it is not far from NASA and other local attractions 
13697 Great location!!! Very easy access to Galleria shopping. A bit challenging finding the right parking spot. 
13698 It is a very comfortable hotel to enjoy your trips in a very good location 
13699 Good hotel, central to most things in NYC. Staff pleasant and helpful. Plenty of deli's around for coffee etc. Restaurant in hotel good. Bar ok. Rooms very comfortable if a little small. Wifi. Flat screen tv. Tea and coffee. Enjoyed my stay 
13700 Ho soggiornato qui per il mio viaggio di nozze. Camere piccoline mia cugina ha avuto addirittura problemi con il water che portava indietro acqua e rifiuti invece di scaricare. Non lo consiglio affatto a parte per la posizione centralissima ma credo ce ne siano di migliori in zona 
13701 For NYC, this place was great. Spacious room, good location, very smartly renovated recently, good service from housekeeping, reception/concierge adequate. Would stay again. 
13702 I have stayed at the Roger Smith several times and never been disappointed. You get a lot of room for your NYC dollar and the staff has been incredible. Great location too! 
13703 My stay at this hotel was a wonderfull experiance, the stuff memebers are very helpfull. one of the stuff member Yoselin Gil was very heplfull and extremly helpfull. I was impressed how attentive she is.I will definately come back and stay here. 
13704 Centraal gelegen hotel vlakbij Times Square en Broadway en de opstapplaatsen voor de "hop on hop off bus tours". Nette kamers met airco en nette badkamer > (minpuntje: lage wc's vlak voor de spiegel). 
13705 I got charged for a room which I had cancelled. I tried to talk someone with no response. Left a MSG with the manager -- no call back. Hotel may be nice but customer service doesn't exist. Wouldn't stay here after this episode. 
13706 This is our third stay in the hotel. It is close to our son's apartment, so is very convenient. Rooms are small, but very comfortable and quiet. All the staff is exremely friendly and helpful. We'll be back there next time we're in town. 
13707 Hotel was modern and staff was welcoming. Easy walking distance to all tourist sites and subway. Beds comfortable and nice view of empire state building. Awesome wine hour. 
13708 Roomy and accomodating. No complaints here! Staff were amazing and helpful. Couldn't believe the spacious room I received at the discounted rate I paid through Resorts Plus International. 
13709 Very nice hotel, a little overpriced. I do have to agree with a previous write-up, in saying that the front desk help are not very nice. You would think they would be a bit more courteous. Just remember there are plenty to choose from. 
13710 A hotel decorated like we are still in the Nineties. Clearing living off past glories. Rooms still have TVs you would not buy off eBay and an AV system that continually broke. Avoid - lots better value in close range. 
13711 Nice hotel. Clean and friendly staff. Pricey hotel food...but it is NY. It definately was trendy...possibly a little too trendy for me. 
13712 Clean. Comfortable pillows and bed. Large flat screen TV. Modern furnishings. Mini fridge in room. 
13713 Fantastic hotel , ive been on holiday here staying for 2 weeks leaving today , i couldn't recommend this more if i tried , lookin forward to returning next year 
13714 despite great rates and clean rooms the sour attitude of the front desk staff affects my wanting to return. We would be willing to pay more to have front desk staff say hello or goodbye and thank you for staying here. The housekeeping staff were fabulous. 
13715 location is vey close to time square, great shopping and subway. the hotel itself is not impressive at all, below average. rooms are small and a little scary, i was just waiting for a ghost to wake me on my sleep or something. 
13716 This one has it all: decent rooms, good services and friendly helpful staff. Best choice in the neighborhod I have found. The bed was great and i like the style. I would recommend this one. 
13717 I stayed in a studio room with a kitchenette, large living area. Staff were friendly and helpful. Close to 5th Ave. Times Square, etc. 
13718 Come on--review the Palace?? Everything was perfect--from the room to the food. The only complaint would be one night of 4 we did not get complete turn-down service. 
13719 Marvin at the front desk was incredibly helpful making my reservation and the whole staff were great!! Ross 
13720 La habitacion como tal no pareciera tener una limpieza a fondo pero es habitable y el bano tambien es bastante decente. La cama era King size y bastante comoda. Lo que si es que el hotel es viejo pero muy cerca de todo 
13721 Quiet hotel, spacious comfortable rooms, superb service. very good restaurant, nice bar. Excellent fitness center with outdoor pool, sauna, steam bath. attention to detail. 
13722 The hotel's lobby has been rredone since my last visit years ago, but the rooms are not as clean and certainly not as well equipped. The air consdtrioneer, which is a necessity during aNew York heat wave was very noisy. 
13723 We were in town for a 36 hour "guerilla" weekend trip, just a back pack and our clothes and needed a LOW COST no frills place for one night. Good reasonable rate for NY, clean room,loft bed was fun, good location 
13724 Tres petite chambre pour une personne, mais tres claire et tres propre, tres calme si sur cour 
13725 Les cloisons sont un peu fines. Un peu cher pour la surface, mais personnel tres acceuillant.plutot pas mal pour NY. 
13726 could not ask for a better stay. location, room, and staff/service were exceptional. early check in and even earlier bag drop gracioulsy accomdated. upgrade to the excutive suite for a real treat and they throw in a City Pass what a great deal. 
13727 My husband and I stayed at the Salisbury Hotel in Sept. The hotel was very clean and very nice. By the time we got back to the room everyday is was cleaned. The hotel is within walking distance to alot of things!! Overall, we had a wonderful stay! 
13728 fantastic location you can walk everywhere, lovely rooms with 400 count sheets and sooooooo peaceful even though you are right in the heart of things. millions of great food places in the doorstep so you dont have to pay Hilton prices to eat in. 
13729 Very big and spacious rooms...clean...near to Premium Outlet Malls and food outlets around...good breakfast spread...free wifi...good saundry stall...cheap last min toliteries...laundry room is fantastic... 
13730 A great value! Excellent location, very friendly staff. Bed was not king size as reservation stated, but that is really the only negative thing I have to say. Nice view from room. Very reasonable parking. Would stay again. 
13731 Love the Burger Joint in the hotel; amazing. Also great breakfast/brunch restaurant (Norma's). 
13732 excellent hotel, very quiet, very clean, bed clothes changed and bathroom cleaned every day. hotel staff very friendly. lovely cafe within 2 mins walk for really cheap breakfasts. great Irish bars within 5 mins walking distance. 20 mins walk to all big shopping attractions. Sub way very close by. 
13733 Hard to find. 2nd floor hallway smelled like urine. Room was small, smelled like smoke, but very clean. Nice bathroom but poor lighting for make-up. Had to call for iron & board. But, great location for Times Square, Central Park, Rockefeller Center! Staff was pleasant. 
13734 We stayed 3 nights in this hotel. Nice rooms, perfect location if you want to visit New York. Free and fast internet in the rooms. In this price range we were happy with this hotel and we certainly would book it again. 
13735 Das Hotel Edison liegt sehr Zentral, nur ein paar Meter enfernt vom Times Square. Es gibt mehrer U-Bahn Stationen im Bereich von 3-5 min. Das Hotel ist sauber, die Zimmer werden ordentlich gereinigt. Leider hatte ich ein Zimmer zum Innenhof, dort war es relativ laut. 
13736 Overnight at 60 Thompson Hotel. Service and staff are excellent! Room small but comfortable. Has all the comforts one can want....sans kettle and tee service in room. But that can be said about most American hotels. Great roof terrace... Definitely the place to stay! 
13737 A great hotel in an excellent location. English pub attached to hotel which served good food and was buzzy and convenient. I was upgraded to a suite which was a pleasant surprise and the hotel staff were excellent with special thanks to the excellent Krasimira, the Front Office Supervisor. 
13738 Fantastic hotel ! Staff bent over backwards to make our stay exceptional. It was my husband's birthday and we had a blast !! 
13739 If you are hunting for a hotel with wifi, free breakfast, great staff, clean rooms, and close to attractions this is it. My family visited on vacation and stayed here. Well worth it. Note: there is no pool or fitness center 
13740 We were waiting to check in when a young couple rushed in front of us and demanded a refund due to bedbugs in their room. Needless to say we stayed elsewhere. There are several nice hotels in the immediate area. Beware of this one! 
13741 Great Hotel, nice rooms. Staff are friendly. Hotel bar & restaurant were very nice. Will definately return. 
13742 Look at the pictures. The rooms looked terrible upon arrival, and had not been cleaned for a long, long time. Some of the room doors had marks after break in and the whole place felt very, very unsafe. It is not all about location and price. Stay away !! 
13743 ciao mi chiamo maria ho soggoirnato in questo hotel da 17-o3-08 al 25-03-08 sono rimasta super contenta le camere sono spaziose e grandi e la posizione a time square e ottima!se soggiornate in questo hotel non preoccupatevi sarete piu"che soddisfatti!!!ve lo assicuro kiss maria 
13744 For the price this was a great hotel in a very central location. It is not luxury but it is comfortbale with a little character; it is not a cookie-cutter budget hotel. 
13745 The hotel has a good location with easy access to various restaurants and night spots. The room is small and we had a wall for a view. The room was clean and fully equiped though. Staff was very friendly and helpful. 
13746 This hotel is in the best location, walk out the door and you can see times square, walk the other way and it's central park. it is a clean & gorgeous looking hotel, i cant wait to go back! 
13747 Just arrived home from a 3 night stay in New York.Stayed at the New Yorker for the first time,will definitely go back.Rooms were clean,staff very helpful and friendly,location excellent.Our room had a view of the Hudson River,best hotel room window view I have ever had. 
13748 Hotel is netjes, ruim en ligt uitstekend, vlakbij TimeSquare. Personeel heel behulpzaam bij regelen van kaarten, taxi's etc. Minpunt was dat er op onze rekening minibar drankjes waren gezet die we niet hadden genuttigd. Gelukkig werd dit snel verholpen. 
13749 Charming hotel in a lovely neighborhood. Friendly staff, helpful concierge service, and extremely convenient location. One block from the subway, and cab service within minutes. Central park, The Museum of Natural History, Zabar's Market, and the iconic Big Nicks Diner just around the corner. We will be back! 
13750 It is a new and simple hotel located near Central Station and Empire State. Clean, nice people, simple room, not so big as desired but comfortable. Amazing and romantic rooftop in the 17th floor with Empire State views! 
13751 Nice hotel, but overpriced...they'll nail you for each and every extra they can. Room was a little shabby (peeling wallpaper, noisy air circulation system.) Also a bit of a hike to the Miracle Mile...it wasn't a terrible experience, but given the $$$ involved, you can do better for less! 
13752 We enjoyed an upgraded suite that was exquisite! I highy recommned this for a weekend romantic getaway!!! 
13753 I join the many who love this place. Roomy, tasteful, great service, fantastic location. 
13754 Very enjoyable hotel. Convenient and close to many sites! Just a few blocks from theatres and Times Square. Easy access to Grey Line Double Decker Bus Tours. Clean and modern facility. Very accommodating staff! Definitely going back and will stay here again. 
13755 After a 'choppy' beginning things got a lot better. A room change necessitated by "smokey' smell, broken mirror and vanity light in bath resulted in immediate room switch. Great location in Flat-iron district. The staff was very accommodating. 
13756 This hotel has been updated without losing any of its charm. The bed was very comfortable, and there was little, if any, noise. It was spotless, too! The desk clerks were friendly and helpful. I would DEFINITELY stay here again! 
13757 Very clean, comfortable and friendly. Rooms are spacious, very nicely appointed. I-Pod docking station, flat screen TV, great lighting in bathroom. Though it is away from midtown, I discovered all Chelsea has to offer, great little neighborhood. 
13758 Great, trendy Hotel with a unique view of Times Square from their lounge. Very upscale and trendy with just the right amount of intimacy and comfort. 
13759 Great service by all staff this stay. Piper was awesome getting things set up for our group and the bar staff went 100% and beyond to make sure we were taken care of and were very friendly as well. 
13760 We had a great stay. The rooms are nice enough, but it was really the staff that makes me recommend the hotel so highly. Well, the staff and the pillow menu. 
13761 I usually stay in a different hotel when in New York, but was put here by work - I've got to say it gives any hotel in New York a run for its money, I really enjoyed myself, very very nice hotel. Fantastic location. 
13762 The Four Seasons is very nice. The rooms are comfortable and attractive, but not exceptional for the price. The staff is extremely courteous and helpful. 
13763 It was so quiet ! we were on the 12th floor and slept really well even with Jet lag! Modern , very clean and comfy bed, iron, safe, mini bar etc Good location in the flower district - fel safe and friendlyt 
13764 Good Upper East Side location, large rooms for NY standards, comfortable beds, not very modern but tastefull decor, small bathrooms. Can be a good choice if you get a convenient rate. 
13765 Great location in mid Manhattan 
13766 Comfortable room. Good service. 
13767 Spent there 4 nights in during the hot season. Hotel is very well located in a quiet street. Unfortunately the air con was very loud so that we had to sleep with earplugs. Rooms are very small but well equiped. Otherwise hotel is very good value for money. 
13768 The bedbugs were not as bad as the staff's non-reaction and overall terrible attitudes. We could live with tired old rooms for $250 but seriously EVERY aspect of the staff there was terrible. Yes, we have several of our group get bug bites. STAY away , what a terrible place. 
13769 We found that staff at this hotel to be extremely friendly and respectful, even tho I got an unbelievably low rate on hotwire. Beds are wonderful. Staff cheerfully cashed travellers check for us. Hot tub was lukewarm. Great airport location. 
13770 Very close to the 911 memorial. Plenty of good restaurants nearby on Greenwich St which is about .25 mile away. Rooms were very clean. Staff was very helpful and courteous. 
13771 Very modern, chic hotel with great views in the best possible location! The room was clean, stylish and comfortable. The concierge and all staff are very welcoming, thoughtful and completely at your service- they mean it when they say "Whatever Whenever". Can't wait to stay here again! 
13772 Ottima la posizione, sistemazione buona anche se probabilmente non all'altezza di un Hotel definito a 4 stelle 
13773 Tutto sommato soggiorno positivo. Punto di forza decisamente la posizione, vicinissimo alla Grand Central station, a Times square, alla 5th Avenue. Tutti gli altri luoghi di interesse facilmente raggiungibili via Metro o taxi. 
13774 We recommend strongly Broadway Plaza Hotel for: Top quality service, top quality cleaning, top willing to help staff Deserves a great A Sanitary Level. 
13775 Great hotel and close to everything!!! Hearty (included) breakfast in the morning to get you going. Absolutely nothing bad to say. Good happy hour and the best cosmos I have ever had. I would love to get the recipe. ;) Will definitely be back. 
13776 The staff of this hotel is very welcoming and warm. Especially Ann Mara Gayle who always assures that every detail is always perfect. 
13777 Loved my stay at the Radisson Lexigton. Very easy to get around from this location with Grand Central station not but 5 minutes walk. Super super accomodating regarding check in and check out times would come back and stay here next time i venture into NYC! 
13778 Rooms are small, bathrooms are very outdated. Maid was still cleaning the room when I was checkin. Only stay if you get a good rate. 
13779 Great views of the World Trade Center and Memorial. All new and very clean. Helpful staff. If you are going to Tribecca Film Festival or events in lower Manhattan - this is the place to stay. 
13780 Everything and more you'd expect. Perfect location to everything. Great shopping and of course restaurants Close to theater and park. Hotel service was amazing and friendly. Points didn't hurt either. Always gets you the best view available 
13781 Big room (for NYC), really friendly staff, and a great central location for exploring Manhattan. The bed was very comfortable and my wife was thrilled with the Philosophy bathroom products. Can't fault it, and if the rates are as competitive again we will return. 
13782 We loved this hotel. A wonderful deli is just across the street and is on the same block as the magnificent mile of shopping; museums are close by and Navy Pier within walking distance as well as an excellent Italian restaurant, Bice!!!!! 
13783 A really nice Drury Inn. Clean, maintained, comfortable, quiet, friendly. And an amazing price. We've paid much more for much less. Great option if visiting U of Houston. Would definitely book again. 
13784 this was one of the only mid-range priced hotels available in the 1st week of December. Great location. Room was ok, as was the service. 
13785 My family stayed at the Salisbury for New Year 2005/2006. The room was comfortable and clean. The staff were helpful and friendly. We chose the hotel for its location and access to the subway system (subway station a short walk up to Broadway/ 7th Avenue) Would visit again. 
13786 Well placed only 10 mins walk yo times square Good base no frills tv 2 doubles iron and board fridge and safe but no kettle Hotel is fine for what you need for 4 days 
13787 CLEAN! Friendly staff. Great location with local markets around the corner. Room was small but clean. Anyways, all you need is a bed and shower. BTW-the bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in! Quiet-lobby construction was not an issue. I would definitely stay again. 
13788 Junior suite is definitely worth it. Wonderfull accomodations, service, and hospitality. Best location for designers shopping spree. 
13789 This is a great hotel in a great location with great service. We had a wonderful stay here in February including a room with a view of Navy Pier. The breakfast in the Club room was fresh and amazing as well. We will stay here again! 
13790 I really like the location of this hotel but I do not like that some areas were closed. 
13791 Fabulous, well located hotel. Very friendly staff, especially the concierge who was a great help in organising a theatre visit for us. 
13792 The area was nice, and the hotel was very good as well. 
13793 This is the place to meet a business associate for a drink and nosh. I look forward to every time I have a meeting here. I have also stayed overnite and its heaven. Go !!!!! Michael Manis Westbury ny 
13794 I have read the other reports and must admit that we did not find this Holiday Inn that bad. For a big city hotel it does its best nand the staff are very friendly and helpful. It is well located for most attractions especially Central Park. 
13795 Omni provides excellent ambience and access to the business district. The staff is very courteous 
13796 The Manhattan at Times sqaure is a tourist friendly hotel with warm & cosy room interior. The staff in this hotel is co-operativce & friendly. Looking forward to spend another vacation here very soon during winter. 
13797 I really did enjoy the spacious room and the excellent service. Friendly staff (not asking for a tip) and really service minded. Dinner was great and breakfast one of the best from NY I experienced so far. I will return for sure. 
13798 it may be the cleanest hotel that i have ever stayed in for that price. a very friendly staff. 
13799 This hotel is beautiful, the staff is friendly and eager to help. Will definitely be staying here again 
13800 Great location rooms somewhat small but had no problems at all. 
13801 Ottimo hotel in posizione centrale perfetto per raggiungere i principali punti di riferimento della grande mela. Perfetto il check in/out rapido ed il personale alla reception, per nulla invadente, ci ha aiutato nella ricerca di un locale per ascoltare jazz ad Harlem. 
13802 A stunning new hotel we seriously did not want to leave. Rooms are gorgeous and clean, and the staff are great. Location is perfect if you want to hang out in Times Square and walk to shows on Broadway. 
13803 Had a great stay. Great location. Easy access to many metro lines. Helpful staff. Double room had a small kitchen area, large closet, and a fair amount of room for the five of us, which included our 22 mo old in a pack and play. I would stay here again. 
13804 Get yourself a leading hotels membership and stay here with an upgrade, breakfast and nice rate. We had a great room and great service for less than 300... 
13805 Clean, but small rooms. Excellent helpful staff. New York never sleeps so is a bit noisy till you get used to the traffic, but remember any hotel on a main road will be noisy. Oxford Cafe next door serves wonderful meals and a Starbucks accessible through the hotel lobby! 
13806 Great rooms-- great beds--- great showers--great service and hospitality-- small lobby--not much space down in the lobby if you have a large group to meet with, but if you are traveling as a family, or small group...great place! 
13807 Yes the rooms are a bit shabby and the bathrooms very small but we found all bar the check in staff to be very helpful. Its got a good bar and traditional New York reception area. Its not too expensive and an excellent location. 
13808 Cool compact rooms. I was so glad I had my own bathroom in my room. It's like a fancy pants hostel---and I mean that with much respect. We had a great stay. 
13809 This was the 1st time staying in NYC, and this hotel was extremely clean (even though they are under going construction), and had the most extra friendly and very helpful staff. I am going back to NYC in November and plan on staying here again. 
13810 Family three night break in New York and hotel exceeded all oue expectations. Rooms were clean and well maintained, staff were very helpful and friendly, and it was a great location from which to explore the sights. Excellent value for money and I would recommend it highly. 
13811 Great location, rate & clean. Near port authority and main attractions. Quiet, good beds. Breakfast area really small you better wake up early. They took care of our belongings the last day while we hanged around. Very nice staff. 
13812 This hotel was clean and the room was large. Free Wifi and air conditioning. Quite as well and close to Empire State and subway. 
13813 Lovely staff, room huge and spotless, but couldn't turn the heating off so had to keep turning on the air con to cool it down and leave a window open at night but that did the trick. Was pleased overall and would stay again. 
13814 Great location, friendly staff, reasonably priced... The rooms are spacious and the finishes are quite nice. My only complaint is the blanket, which is not the duvet that most new or newly renovated hotels use. No noise problems at all. 
13815 Superior dubbelkamer aanrader. Elke dag lekker bijkomen van dagje NY. Metro downtown op 5 minuten lopen, giga supermarkt aan de overkant, ontbijt naast de deur, diners overal, comedyclub om de hoek. Echt super 
13816 Its always a great place to stay while in town working. Everything you need is in the general area surrounding the hotels location. It's always a nice plus when I find a hotel with twenty four hour service. 
13817 a great hotel central for everything nice staff helpful just a great hotel to stay in 
13818 Sono stata col mio compagno in questo albergo nel 2008....ci ho lasciato il cuore...bello,pulito,alla moda,personale cordiale e centralissimo!!!da tornarci sicuramente!!!Le camere sono piccole ma non importa vista la bellezza :-) 
13819 I am very impressed with my experience at Dream. The Concierge was able to make a reservation for me at Spice Bar on a Friday night. If you know New York, that is close to impossible. Very Impressive! Overall, I had a fantastic stay. 
13820 Great, Safe Location. Would Definately stay Again. Very Clean, Friendly & Helpful. Shared Bathrooms, but they were always clean & available. Just across the road from a great 24hr cafe. Very Affordable. Lovely good sized room. 
13821 room was extremely small and very noisy, however this could be overlooked if the staff were friendly and helpful. Most unpleasant experience. 
13822 Great location, helpful staff, great rooms and vibey lobby. Enjoy a different way of life. Ignore those reviews slagging off the grey interior! They just miss the magnolia colours in your basic holiday inn. 
13823 It was great to have Norva B. tell us the best way to get somewhere or recommend a fun place to eat at. Thank you ! We love the Affinia Manhattan Hotel and it's friendly staff ! We will be back ! 
13824 Excellent service overall just like the 1st time. I would recommend it to families and friends. 
13825 park central is a lovely hotel in new york, near central park and within walking distance of times square. it also has a gym which i used each morning. i will return to park central hotel. 
13826 What an amazing staff. Definitively professional and courteous. We had a wonderful weekend stay. 
13827 Nice location but the service sucks. The receptionist was rude and wasn't helpful at all. I am paying for a service and I hope to receive that. Besides the rooms are old, but it's fine cause it's and old building, but the service is two fingers down. 
13828 la chambre est minuscule et super bruyante. il y a le lit et peu d espace autour. vraiment tout petit le service est irreprochable, et tres serviable. restaurant on peut y aller mais c est un peu cher. tres bon emplacement. tout pres de central park 
13829 Top shelf from check-in to check out. I always enjoy my stays at the Parker Meridien. The staff goes out of their way to make you feel welcome. Want to know anything about todays events and sports just ask the doorman! 
13830 I am on the road for 21 days out of a month. This hotel makes me feel very comfortable. The staff are very friendly. Whenever I leave and return, they always make me feel welcome. I always enjoy coming back. 
13831 We have recently stayed for a night at the Travel Inn Hotel on W 42nd Street & 10th Ave. We felt that it is over priced and has very poor service. 
13832 Stayed here in June with my wife had a great time!! Located literally 1 block from times square, road itself wasn't the cleanest but besides that location perfect!!! Rooms were modern and clean!!! Would stay here again great location, great rooms, well priced!! 
13833 concierge excellent, often queues for reception, need to book breakfast at Norma's as soon as you arrive for whole stay or else ......no chance 
13834 Stayed for three days with three different friends. Louise at the Front Desk was extremely helpful. The rest of the staff was very helpful too. 
13835 I travel for business and stay in hotels regularly. I'm used to snotty or aloof customer service. I arrived at the hotel befire check in. Denise treated me respectfully, explained several options and found a great solution. Her honest and kind approach was refreshing. Nicely done! 
13836 Great location with great restaurants in 3 block radius. Jeffrey the concierge was fantastic. Got us reservations at 11 Madison square when booked for months. Free bikes to borrow and circumnavigated Manhatton in 4 hours in bike paths from front door. 
13837 My friend and I were exhausted lost and tired - Mr. Jones gave us a free upgrade to an executive suite and then called up to check on us and make sure we liked the room. Superior service! 
13838 Brian the doorman was the greatest help,even in the coldest of Jan. Sat the 30th of 2010,in 14 degree weather he was upbeat and helped us out with a smile.Here is to Brian the doorman of the Paramount Hotel at 245 W 46th st in NYC. 
13839 I stayed in this hotel for 1 night. The hotel is really nice - clean and comfortable. Breakfast is delicious! The problem is that they charged me 3 times! per my stay..-sic! I was a little bit angry when I saw it on my credit card history. So, be careful.. 
13840 modern and clean.....music everywhere! people very friendly working there! 
13841 the star rating on this hotel in inflated. exaggerating the star rating is the latest thing with on line travel sites. the hotel is dark and dirty. it has bed bugs. it is a 2 star property on it's best day 
13842 This hotel is living its brand promisse; Whatever, whenever! We had a really nice stay, and if there should be anything to point the finger at, we would have to say that the cleaning staff knocked our door 5 times at our departure day. Everything else were perfect! 
13843 nicely located near Central Park, very helpful staff sadly this hotel is in need of a good refurbishment 
13844 I have stayed in over 5 different Starwood Hotels in the last month and I have been pleased with all of them. At this particular hotel the front desk staff and the doorman were exceptionally helpful and friendly. 
13845 Annmara Gayle is always fantastic.She continues to be extremely accomodating and to provide help when I am booking a NY hotel room. She always responds quickly and the specialized care makes this hotel stand out in the crowd. 
13846 you want to get a good hotel not too expensive in manhattan near Times Square? here is the staybridge suites TS NYC 
13847 Very friendly staff. Stayed on Friday, checked out and went Upstate for Saturday. Checked back in on Sunday, and they had upgraded me to a room with a patio. Wonderful place to have early-morning coffee. 
13848 We stayed 4 nights in this hotel. We enjoyed the quality of it, the friendly and helpful staff and we would advise it as a wel situated hotel for a visit to NYC. 
13849 The rooms are a little tight but otherwise my wife and I had a great stay. The employees were very friendly and polite. The place was clean and the bed was very comfortable. Thanks for the great time in New York you made us feel right at home. 
13850 We stayed for one night in July 2011. The location was excellent, the price reasonable for NYC hotel rates, and the rooms were clean and attractive. We would stay here again. 
13851 Stayed here for two nights at the beginning of November. Nothing special about this hotel, just average. Would rather have stayed at a trendier hotel near 5th Ave. However, if you love Starbucks they all basically surround the hotel. 
13852 Great hotel, staff was awesome they gave me a free upgrade and honored my last minute request for a high floor with city view. The bed was awesome the huge claw run and marbel lined rain shower was the icing on the cake. See pics of room I posted 
13853 My husband and I stayed at the Wellington last week for two nights. The room was lovely, bathroom great, very clean and the service was awesome. Very close to Central Park, Times Square, Broadway, subway, Carnegie hall. Price, very reasonable. 
13854 The hotel is very well located, people are very nice and friendly. 
13855 Booked this hotel with points and was impressed by the location, view, and service of this hotel. It is just across from the M&M store. Check in staff was freindly and prompt. Would stay again! 
13856 Very much enjoyed my stay here. The room was HUGE and clean. recently remodeled hotel. Perfect location, great views, and staff was awesome! 
13857 Prefect location, clean , comfortable. We stayed at the Belvedere 5 nights in December. Highly recommend this hotel. Very accomodating staff, no complaints at all. Easy walk to Times Square, all theatres, 5th Av and subways. 
13858 Just wonderful small hotel very friendly staff, our room was the basic room and was on the small side but cannot fault our overall stay, Wish we could have stayed longer, Location, just feet away from Time Square 
13859 Great Hotel. Basic but very clean. No one goes to new York to hang out in the room, in fact you will probably never be in your room so if you are looking for an affordable option in a great location I would highly recommend the pod hotel. 
13860 this hotel is clean, with super friendly staff, centrally located, close to all best things in NY, and offers rooms with the most impressive views of empire state building and the rest of manhattan!!!! Will definitely come back again. Best deal for your buck:) 
13861 Excellent location right off 5th ave. Lobby and rooms are small but clean and comfy. Very nice 
13862 It woulld be nice to hava access to a computer, more breakfast items and include hot items. The reception staff was very freindly and helpfull, as well as teh house keeping girls, tehy were frindly, active and quick 
13863 I arrive the beds were dirty and the room was very tiny not even if I paid 30 dollars I paid 200 dollars for a small double. The bathroom does not work well either I do not suggest not well managed 
13864 Anna G.at the Front desk is an Outstanding and Accommodating Representive of the Holiday INN.She deserves a Great acknowledge for all She does.She really made My trip easier and an enjoyable stay in Houston. 
13865 Fantastic Hotel, really friendly staff, could not praise it enough. In particular Vicky at reception was absolutely superb! 
13866 Ottimo hotel in posizione centrale, le camere sono un po piccole ma molto pulite. Alcune stanze sono state rinnovate in stile moderno, altre sono un po vecchiotte. Evitate assolutamente le camere che si trovano avanti agli ascenzori altrimenti sentirete il campanello di arrivo al piano! Consigliato! 
13867 Estive neste hotel de 31/12/2010 a 06/01/2011 - Hotel simples, tranquilo, muito limpo, otimamente localizado, proxima a estacao do metro. Para quem nao procura luxo. Praticamente so usamos para dormir. 
13868 Great location. Save you time at the end. Love central park. Spend a little and stay here. Everyone should try once if you go to new york. 
13869 Perfect name for a hotel becuse this place is a Dream 
13870 .Great Bar 
13871 Great Showrs 
13872 This place is the total package. 
13873 Very nice place, trendy, clean, nice crew... Just alittle bit expensive... But a very nice experience.... 
13874 Wonderful experience at the Sanctuary Hotel. My friend and I could have not been more please by our experience with every aspect of the hotel (service, room, bar, etc.) I will stay here again the next time I'm in NY. Loved it. 
13875 The location is safe and only a few blocks from all the great theatre shows of NYC. The hotel was very clean, service top notch and the free breakfast bar each morning would have cost $20 per person easily elsewhere in NYC. I would highly recommend this hotel. 
13876 We visited this beautiful hotel in mid October and thoroughly enjoyed everything about it. We loved the rooms, beds, kitchen area, all the staff and especially the new rooftop for breakfast and at evenings. It was so close to everything. What a special find. Marilyn Jenkins San Diego, California 
13877 Anche se costa un pochino, vale la pena di soggiornare in questo bellissimo albergo. Io e mio marito eravamo al 12 piano con vista dall'alto di New York. 
13878 Feels like at home as every room, I'd better say apartment, has a full kitchen (stove, microwave, coffee maker, fridge, plates, silverware, pots, glasses). Good location, friendly staff, clean (approved by my wife). Mattress could be a bit more firm, but it's fine. For TV viewers: HBO included. 
13879 We spent 3 nights there. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room is small, but it was comfortable. We had a view of Rockefeller Center. It's in a very convenient location, we will go back there. 
13880 Location is great, room was impeccable 
13881 Great hotel couldn't fault it rooms beautiful beds so comfy! breakfast a little expensive, but worth it! Nothing was a problem, 2 mins walk from Times sq without being in the middle of the madness!! 
13882 Stayed here mothers day weekend it was very nice, I loved the food, Bar, and the staff made me feel welcomed. My daughter will be getting married in a year so hopefully she chooses this place cause everything is already Nice, pretty, and modern I will be back regardless. 
13883 Awesome location in the heart of the city....good value, typical NYC size room, but clean and friendly staff. 
13884 Great location for walking, subway,attractions and for walking around the city at night-I felt safe walking around late at night. Totally recommended this property-if you're willing to pay...like I said, location,location,location, it's worth it, especially, if you are traveling alone and new to the city. 
13885 lovely hotel, just a bit dusty. dont think the chamber maid we had was up to scratch. other than that. lovely hotel.get express bus from newark right across road from it 
13886 It was a nice facility, enjoyable stay during a business trip. I forgot my credit card, but I called the hotel two days later and they had found it and were holding it for me. They promptly mailed it to me. Thank you Dennis!! Would recommend On The Ave. 
13887 stayed at Royalton in a business trip last October - very well located with good service and clean and neat room (I've stayed in the std room, which is the most basic and quite liked, in comparison with tinny rooms in another hotels). 
13888 my wife and I likes very much this hotel because is near al you want to see in NY and the hotel is very nice and beatiful. the rooms are very nice and the services in the front desk are special. 
13889 Terrific Upper West Side Location. Amazing staff. Dennis in security is THE MAN. I've stayed her twice already and will book the hotel again. 
13890 * Rodent infested * Telephone in room didn't work * Room not made on a daily basis * Ceiling leaked * Bathroom door didn't shut properly * Built up hair clogged shower drain * Wall socket powerpoints were ancient & plugs would fall out of them 
13891 very nice we liked the view and the cxonvience to the area the staff was always there to help you==a little noisy from the road--better windows on the Lake Shore Drive side would help 
13892 best hotel i stayed at. really nice place the people are nice ziomara and givannie were really nice and helpful. a lot of good restaurants next to the hotel an a AMC is next to it as well if you stay here you will love it 
13893 We enjoyed very much our stay in Doubletree last february. Our breakfast server NUR was the best, very kind and friendly. Our housekeeper LUCIA also provided us great service. Hope to stay there again soon. 
13894 Hotel was clean, spacious. We expected it to be a tiny room given the city and its location. It wasn't, it was close to many activitites and GREAT restaurants. Would definitely go back! 
13895 Had a very nice stay at this hotel, good location, clean and tidy, friendly staff. beds a bit old and food just ok, but overall it was a very nice visit to the big apple.Thankyou Holiday inn. 
13896 I'm a regular to the city; sometimes I have to book last minute as I did on this trip. It's what you'd expect from an HI in Manhattan. Expensive last minute fall back. OK place but nothing special. Small but comfortable. 
13897 My 22 year old daughter and I stayed here in December. We walked everywhere! Such a great location to dining, shopping and the theater, Rockefeller Center, Central Park, etc... Rooms are nice and roomy for NYC. Ask for an outer room. 
13898 Clean rooms, one block from the subway, in one of the best neighborhoods in New York for only US $120.00 (one twin bed and a bathroom). What else could you ask for? Maybe an elevator and credit cards accepted? But then it wouldn't cost so little (for New York standards). 
13899 This hotel was opened in April so everything is new. Good location and good service, Clean rooms with enough space for NY standards 
13900 This is a great place to stay. In the heart of Times Square, blocks from everything. Room was clean. Charlie, the bell hop was great. One glitch when checking in. Other than that, everything was amazing. Would definitely stay here again:) 
13901 Stayed in the hotel whil transferring flights. Hotel is superb and the staff is very friendly and helpfull. 
13902 The staff at the hotel was very welcoming and helpful. Yes, the hotel is old, but it is beautiful. We had a nice, clean room with a view of the Chrysler building. The location is also great. We would stay here again. It was great for a romantic weekend. 
13903 typical NY sized room - small. But the beds were unbelievably comfortable!! Bath was very clean. Good room amenities. Staff was very friendly and very accommodating. Would definitely stay here again. 
13904 This hotel has rooms that are seriously in need of repair--wallpaper coming off the walls, ventilation system that doesn't work, etc. No minibar or many other features one would expect of even a "three star" hotel, which this certainly is not. 
13905 We stayed in this hotel one night before flying out early from Midway. Thank goodness we didn't have to stay any longer. The hotel was filthy. I would never stay there again. 
13906 Renovations understandable, poor service unacceptable. Our room was serviced, if you could call it that, sheets were not changed, no clean towels were left, no tissues just an empty box and nothing for coffee, if the Marriott"s philosophy is "Spirit To Serve" they need to go back to school... 
13907 Simpel en eenvoudig hotel, netjes, veelal chinees, vriendelijk personeel, ontbijtbuffet is eenvoudig maar goed, ligt aan het einde van de straat, met bouwactiviteiten,garagebedrijven, paardestallen en een brandweerkazerne, dus altijd leven 
13908 We stayed here for one night only, but were pleasantly surprised at the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff here. It is also a real plus to have Enterprise parking right next door, a real value at only $40 a night. 
13909 Of course the rooms are small it is new york. but they are clean and we got lucky and had a great view of the empire state building. And the noise level was not that bad. plus its about three or four blocks from time sq. 
13910 Hotel was excellent from the room to the staff who gave us an upgrade upon arrival. One minor tv issue was quickly resolved with a phone call to the front desk/maintenance person coming right away. I would highly recommend this hotel for your next NYC visit. 
13911 We really liked our room. Great size for New York. Had the Mega Suite. Location was great close to Time Square, 5th Avenue and subway. The stay was so nice and great during our big snow storm. We would stay there again. 
13912 Unbelievable stay! Would return again. The comfort and professionalism was superb. Loved having a choice of 6 different pillows! 
13913 Perfect for young people. Nice design. Almost daily in-house parties at the pool. Breakfast was standard at $12,95/person, but breakfast room was damp because of the nearby pool. Starbucks across the street which is quite handy. 
13914 I have stayed at the Alden for several weeks off and on for work. It has been a great experience staying at the hotel. The staff has been wonderful and has made my stays a wonderful time. I would recommend the hotel to anyone. 
13915 The room was quiet and clean, but small even by NYC standards - not much larger than a "pod" type hotel - for $329 expected something bigger. The bathroom was nice, the bed was comfortable. 
13916 This hotel needs an extreme makeover. It was incredibly disappointing. The location has a great deal of potential. 
13917 Very friendly staff on arrival, clean and comfortable room. Hotel is in an excellent location, very close to Central Park and lots of good restaurants and shops. This was our third visit! 
13918 Great location, very friendly helpful staff and beautiful room. We were upgraded to larger room, which was comfortable and very quiet. Can't wait to return. 
13919 Had a very enjoyable time. Room was nice.Good value. 
13920 The rooms are incredible small, unclean and damaged. The toilettes were disgusting! My friend locked the door and couldn't open it after, so it took here 1/2 an hour to get free! The people were not very friendly. The Location was the only part I liked about this stay! 
13921 Stayed 2 nights. Clean room, very friendly staff and the room was very spacious. Well worth the money! Great location. I would absolutely stay here again. 
13922 stayed at Fitzpatricks for 5 nights, great location, very clean, most helpfull staff and close to restaurants, bars and shops. Across the road from Grand Central Station, which is very interesting in itself. 
13923 Hotel and rooms were gorgeous and comfortable. Love the location, beds were amazing!!! Great service. 
13924 Great location in Midtown for sightseeing and getting around via bus or subway. Room size is amazing for New York hotels. Continental breakfast is a great time saver and a tremendous value. The entire staff was amazing! Shhhhhh! (this hotel is a best kept secret)! We'll be back. 
13925 The staff were helpfull in all accomadations, regardless of time or issue and the Manager Zia was more willing to work with any problems. The check-in Irma was friendly, helpfull and knoweledgeable in the local area. Yolanda was a treasure as well. Will return 
13926 I stayed at this hotel for 5days with my friend we booked twin room and we found it very lovely and spacious and well organized i really liked the Starbucks in-room coffee maker , location was very great hotel stuff was helpful I recommend this hotel ! 
13927 wonderful life.ottimo hotel,servizi e posizione. lo consiglio sia per viaggi di piacere che di lavoro. 
13928 small dark rooms, poor heating, dark bathroom, not enough electrical sockets (one to use), and very tiny workout room. paid just under $200 for room. they charge a $100 incidentals to your credit card... beware. i will not be staying here again 
13929 Landmark hotel in the centre of down town new york. Great service,good size rooms for an old hotel.best steak in new York at the bull and bear downstairs.don't miss the peacock alley bar 
13930 My wife and I arrived for one night. Karl gave us a wonderful room and made us feel as if we were the only guests at the hotel. 
13931 Ottimo hotel, soprattutto per la posizione, centralissimo, a due passi da Time Square, Rockfeller Center, Broadway. Diverse linee metropolitane comodissime a 200 mt dall'hotel. Struttura non nuovissima, ma camera spaziosa e accogliente. Buona pulizia. Staff non particolarmente cordiale, ma comunque buon servizio 
13932 No frills but great location. Hotel is older and a little run-down but clean and friendly; bedding and towels are good quality. Parking free and safe. Attached diner is also no-frills but handy, affordable and clean. Given the prices in Chicago these days, this is a great bargain. 
13933 Stayed on 36th floor, looking down on Times Square. Very spacious double room, with upscale furnishings and large flat screen TV. Fast Elevator dedicated to upper floors. Courteous staff and bellhops. 
13934 Clean hotel, great location, excellent staff. I was impressed with the staff beyond words. Would recommend this hotel to anyone, travelling solo, in pairs or with children. Best experience in NYC. We will be back at this hotel for sure. What they do is called SERVICE. Rare to find. 
13935 Perfect location. Beautiful clean, modern rooms. Great staff working hard to make your stay great ! This is my third stay with family. I will always return here. 
13936 We stayed for 1 week and we was satisfied with everything, location (short walk from Times Square, Central Park and 5th avenue), housekeeping etc. Fine lobbyarea and breakfast restaurant in the hotel. Everything at a ok price. 
13937 My wife and I have stayed here several times. It is very clean, nice rooms, great continental breakfast, excellent location, all for a reasonable price. Experienced no problems whatsoever. Will stay here again. 
13938 The hotel is a bit worn compared to most other Hilton hotels I have visited. But the location is super for shopping and musicals at Broadway. So I would not hesitate visiting again. The staff is very friendly and helpful! 
13939 Just returned from a stay at the Hyatt. We would recommend everything about this hotel. The staff was friendly, the hotel was very nice and clean, the location was perfect. Would definately stay again. 
13940 This is my 3rd stay here in the last 2 months and each time the staff has been friendly, room is clean and modern 
13941 Even though the are a bit on the small side they feel large based on the layout and the retractable bed. Great value and location. 
13942 They were so kind and very helpful in getting rooms not only for myself but other wedding party people and guests that were not "confirmed" and rooms given away...the day before the wedding. Great welcome and stay! so friendly ...and clean!! great location!!! 
13943 Smells like Cigarette smoke and bug spray. This is a flea bag motel. If you are looking for a quaint and comfortable hotel... LOOK ELSEWHERE. The health department should close this place down. 
13944 spent New Year in this Hotel. Over-rated, beds uncomfortable, staff unfriendly and unhelpful. Not worth the money!! 
13945 We stayed for a whole week at the Skyline and must say the Beds are some of the most comfortable beds we've ever slept in. And Comfy pillows too ! The Staff were very helpful and pleasant which always makes a big difference. 
13946 Ottimo hotel, vicino alle principali attrazioni di midtown raggiungibili comodamente a piedi in pochi minuti. Metropolitana vicina. Hotel di poche camere, ma estremamente confortevole. Personale disponibile anche a richieste fuori dalle normali competenze. Disbrigo check-in e check-out rapido e senza problemi. 
13947 The front desk staff was wonderful, very friendly and helpful! I would come again! I did think it was a bit pricy however I understand its Chicago! I did notice the elevator was a bit sketchy and might think twice about using it again! 
13948 The service and appearance of the room was quite pleasing. Bed was very comfortable and we loved all the extra pillows on the bed. Plenty of towels, microwave and refrig in the room was appreciated. 
13949 Centrally located, fast courteous and efficient service and special a note of thanks to AnnMara Gayle in reservations who was able to get us a room in the hotel during a booked season when no one else (travel agent, booking company) was able to get us in. 
13950 Stayed here for a friends wedding. The lobby has been redone and has a great water feature. The rooms were also upgraded and the staff was friendly. Would recommend for anyone needing a nice hotel in the Katy part of Houston. 
13951 We enjoyed everything about this hotel. Could not find anything that we were not happy with Best everything, location, decor, service , staff. Would recommend to everyone, and would love to stay again in the future. Thanks for a fantastic stay. 
13952 Great service, pleasant staff, clean rooms and a great breakfast. We were surprised at how quiet the room was and everything was perfect. 
13953 Welcoming and genuinely helpful staff, a cool and modern atmosphere, very central for Broadway/Theatre district (10 mins walk) 
13954 My 1st room at the Gansevoort hotel meatpacking was not to my satisfaction and called down to Romy at the front desk for a better room and before i could return from starbucks my bags and new room keys were ready and waiting at front desk...Thanks to Romy you Rock!!!! 
13955 We hade a wounderfull time and the service was perfekt! Nice housekeeping and the breakfirst was okey. We hade a room on 18th floor and it was very quet. Dont miss to go to the roofbar! Elisabeth and Clas 
13956 we loved the friendly staff and the comfortable room. it's nice to have nice amenities and a comfy bed. lots of closet space too. we will be back! 
13957 It was not cheap but it was great! Improved the quality of holidays because it is very good and you do not get bad surprise! Good staff, good location! Strongly advised. 
13958 Found the hotel on the Holiday Inn website the day of arrival. The price was a great deal. The hotel is simple, yet very clean. The rooms are small, but I'll take a clean room over a big one. 
13959 It was like stepping back in time. The place is 100 years old and still looks great. They kept the decorations the same. Wow 
13960 Nice hotel on excellent location just one block from Central Park If you like burgers: Burger Joint is hidden behind the curtain in the atrium lobby and if you'r a guest you don't have to wait in line( which is extremely long) Starbucks just across the street 
13961 What can I say? This was not our first stay -- nor, we sincerely hope, will it be our last. The staff, the location, the service. All exemplary. 
13962 We had a great time for our weekend trip. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Being pregnant, we were offered the allergin free room. The room was well kept. You walk right out to Times Square which also gave us awesome views from the hotel's windows. 
13963 Spent 1 day here, rooms are dirty, staff is rude, and beds have bed bugs. Don't stay here, you will regret it. 
13964 We didn't expect a lot... but hoped for a small room, clean and safe. Were we surprised! Good sized room. Clean and comfortable. Friendly staff and good neighborhood. Highly recommend this hotel! 
13965 What a sad place. Everything is grubby and tatty. The room lighting is abysmal, but then I suppose it makes it harder to see the dirt. The staff are friendly enough, but the place is just so depressing. Yuck. 
13966 Spent several nights here, ideally placed to visit all the sites. Lovely deco themed hotel. Excellent diner open 24hours. Rooms to a high standard. Recommend to anyone who wants a central hotel of a high standard and reasnably priced 
13967 Terrific room, Executive Suite upgrade. Very clean. Mini fridge. Kitchenette, living space, 2 bathrooms, nice bed. Slept well, quiet. 8th floor, and still nice and quiet. Many windows. Good tv reception. Internet fairly good. Pictures enclosed in review. Room service very good. 
13968 Large clean room, helpful staff , reasonable rates. Close to restaurants and no more than 10 blocks from just about every major downtown financial institution. Could not ask for more 
13969 I will gladly return on my next business trip. 
13970 Stayed at Hotel Blake in the winter time. Make sure you get a suite that overlooks the city. A little far away from downtown attractions but was a great hotel. 
13971 My fiance and I recently went to NYC on a little weekend getaway, and had gotten a GREAT deal on this hotel. It was everything you could ask for, CLEAN, friendly staff, AMAZING location. We would absolutely reccomend this to anyone! 
13972 Located on mid-Manhattan, the hotel is not big but feature many amenities that bigger hotels do not offer, such as complimentary continental breakfast (although the breakfast room gets crowded later in the morning) and free wireless internet access. Hotel staff is very friendly and rooms are well-equipped and comfortable. 
13973 Perfect Location in NYC. Herald Square is just outside the door, 5th Ave is a block away. Subway stop on the corner. Friendly staff. Clean and quiet rooms. 
13974 Stayed here for a wedding in August and had a lovely stay. The rooms are pretty and decently sized, the bathroom was immaculate, and the lobby is very grand. There's a bar/restaurant (I didn't visit it), and apparently there's a fitness center too. Expensive, but very nice hotel. 
13975 Got my reservation for $80 per night after naming my price on Priceline. 4 star accommodations in the heart of the city. You won't be disappointed! 
13976 hotel consigliatissimo. pulito, con personale altamente disponibile. Comodo per il centro citta (5 avenue), 15/20 minuti a piedi, in metro fermata a tre minuti dall'hotel o con il taxi al costo di 7/8 dollari. 
13977 First class hotel !! First class location !!! superb staff from bell boy to the management !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! nothing in any previous review are wrong !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Its a complete Oasis in a "City that never sleeps" would reccommend this hotel to anyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Brilliantttt !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Mr Medlock 
13978 Superb location, fine beds, hospitality fine, terrible noise 24/7 due to airco in narrow shaft behind hotel - like being on a never landing turboprop plane. You need earplugs. 
13979 We stayed at the Doubletree Suites near the Galleria for a wedding at the Courtyard at St James and it was an excellent choice. The rates were excellent and the hotel was very accommodating. I would definitely recommend this hotel! 
13980 Buona la posizione, in pochi minuti si raggiunge la metropolitana. Bella la zona. Molto professionali nella gestione. Wireless internet sempre ok e veloce. Due bagni per piano sempre liberi e puliti. 
13981 For a midtown hotel great value and friendly hotel, great coffee in the knave bar. Internet could be better, they should give clients a bot more free wifi. But with the odd exception the staff were great. 
13982 Hotel excelentemente ubicado. El personal muy dispuesto a ayudar con informacion sobre NY. Las habitaciones son chicas, pero limpias y comodas. El Bar sirve excelentes desayunos a muy buenos precios... Sin ninguna duda, VOLVERIA. 
13983 This is a great place to stay. we stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and it was really good. we enjoyed the place. 
13984 Everyone was very nice, but the room was the smallest I've ever stayed in and the air conditioner probably the noisiest I've ever heard. Everything is tiny - you need to go single file to get into the tiny "lobby." Not for me. 
13985 Well, I am new to Chicago, and the 4days I spent here were some of my best in this city. The management is very efficient and the staff is extremely friendly. Three cheers to Regina and Jacqueline for giving us discount at IIT rate. 
13986 Rooms were very spacious, Bathroom tiny, shower very small, Very noisy room but overall the location and the staff were fantastic. 
13987 Excellent hotel!!! Will recommend to family and friends! 
13988 The hotel staff was very courteous; the room was clean and good sized (very spacious for NYC); the location was awesome -- near subways and Broadway (the street AND theatres). A basic (hot) breakfast was included. I'd stay there again in a heartbeat!! 
13989 Stayed here for business a nice hotel not the most modern but service ok. Great view from the window. All in all an ok hotel for business. 
13990 The room was spacious for a downtown Chicago room. The staff were all very friendly and the rooms were very clean and quiet. Only knock migh be that it seemed to be a long wait for elevators. 
13991 Hotel enorme lo mejor del hotel la situacion si necesitas un trato personal no es tu hotel estacion del tren y metro se accede desde el hotel. pedir hab con vistas al esterior. 
13992 Stayed at this great hotel while I was going to a show at Carnegie Hall. Very nice rooms, attentive staff, great meeting spaces, and only half a block from Carnegie Hall, Russian Tea room and other great places. Look forward to staying there again soon. 
13993 In general the rate of the hotel is so good.Location is perfect.Rooms are small but very confortables and clean. Room style is very fashion but there is no natural light hardly.Air conditionated system was too noisy. 
13994 Room clean and very confortable.Excellent position: only five minutes by foot from central station and less than fifteen minutes from time square. 
13995 Two weeks ago a girlfriend and I stayed at the Red Roof Inn, 32nd Street, Manatten. Excellent accommodation, clean, quite room, plenty of room and large drawers for clothes, microwave, fridge etc. Not new, but more than adequate. Breakfast included. 
13996 Very nice property in the heart of Times Square. The room was large by NYC standards. Good bedding. We were on the 21st floor- it was quiet. 
13997 Amazing hotel! Everything was modern & clean, with extremely courteous staff, fabulous location. Fabulous having access to complimentary cappuccinos, & lattes! The muffins in the am were delicious too! An absolute fantastic hotel all in all. Very impressed! 
13998 The Marriott West Loop is a great suburban hotel. Near the Galleria, good restaurants, and friendly staff. Very much a business hotel, though. It's a LONG way from IAH - $60 for a cab ride - with tip. 
13999 Peace and quiet in the middle of New York. Rooms pretty spacious for a city centre. Staff attentive. Couldn't be bettered. 
14000 I recently stayed at the Carlye it is a lovely historic hotel, my room was huge with a beautiful marble bathroom. The hotel is located in a quiet location off Central Park, excellent for shopping on Madison Ave. I found all the staff to be very friendly and helpful. 
14001 there was a nice room with a fridge and microwave...the staff was wonderful and extremely helpful...the hotel is in a perfect location to times square and the subway station...id stay here again 
14002 This hotel was clean and had very friendly employers. The carries your suitcases, every day new towels and the hotel was modern. And in the restaurant under the hotel you can eat very good. 
14003 My wife and I stayed there one night to see the play "Equus" .We enjoyed our stay and the staff was hurried ,but helpful. The rooms were clean and quiet. The staff recomended a breakfast and dinner place, just up the street, that were very good. Cheers to Chelsea Lodge 
14004 The view from my upgraded corner king was fantastic. The staff were very helpful and the hotel has been updated and very clean and across the street from the Merchandise Mart. 
14005 The service, look and feel, ammenities, etc. are what is to be expected from a decent chain hotel. Breakfast however is not great, coffee not refilled, bagel burnt, etc. Wifi does not work in the room, only in the hall way. Well located for Times Square, 5th avenue, etc. 
14006 the eventi is new and in a terrific location in nyc. i got a great deal online and stayed there for $200 including breakfast. the restaurant is very cool and the food was really good. i would definitely stay there again. 
14007 Room was great, large desk, good wireless, spacious bathroom and bed. Do not disturb signs were not always respected, which was annoying. Breakfast is a disappointment with a la carte service only and long waiting times, when busy. Positive was the free shuttle service, which was very flexible. 
14008 el hotel es bonito pero la atencion en el concierge es terrible. nos quisieron cobrar una limo cuando pedimos un sedan (dos veces) y el precio muy elevado. la comida terrible... para el que habla frances le gustaria pero prefiero recomendar " el hilton nuevo " 
14009 Cheap and cheerful hotel in an excellent location in central Manhatten, highly recommend for budget breaks, xmas shopping in heart of New York and everything in between. Very nice family Italian resturant close to hotel aswell 
14010 Excellant room,very comfortable far superior to your usual large American hotel chains.Nice views and good location in the city.Good breakfast buffet.Pool and gym average but acceptable.Dated lobby area. 
14011 Great hotel. Just 4 months old. The size of the rooms is great when compared to other NYC hotels. Breakfast is included in the hotel. Nice gym. Good location. 
14012 I stayed for 05 nights at this hotel and it was simply the best. Location, service, rooms clean. Anyway, all very good. Will be my hotel in the next trip to NY. 
14013 Great location (theater), great people, great 24-hour library with free latte/cappucino. Small gym, microscopic bathroom, small room. But the amenities are excellent and the room is clean, well-appointed and comfortable. Construction on street was noisy in the morning. 
14014 We just found out that until the outside temperature reaches 50 degrees that the boilers will not "kick" in. We have no control over the temperature in the room. Yikes! The front desk did offer us extra blankets. 
14015 Without doubt the friendliest staff I have ever stayed with. I was there with my elderly parents and everyone was pleasant and courteous at all times. The location is super everything close at hand - food, transport, sights. 
14016 This hotel was wonderful; a spotless (and fairly sized) room, great service, very good food, and a convenient location. Perfect for tourists who want to see Time Square; we were able to walk right to it. A great stay that I'd reccommend to almost anyone. 
14017 Great location, just 2 blocks from the subway, Times Square and Bryant Park. Excellent housekeeping and courteous staff. Spacious rooms and the most comfortable beds. Excellent price considering its location. 
14018 I absolutely loved the Paramount Hotel. The staff was exceptionally friendly and the service prompt. The hotel is beautiful and the room is comfortable. The location was absolutely perfect. 
14019 The images on the website and its location brought us to book this hotel. Very disappointed. Overpriced.The rooms are very basic, need refurbishment urgently. Tacky. The restaurants too resemble a Diner on the highway. Yes - great location, but little else. Never again. 
14020 Great spot for a romantic weekend. Nice service, convenient location, unique. 
14021 Great room, I stayed here with my family on a week trip to New York. The staff where very accommodating, There was no entertainment in the hotel and the Bar was expensive, but other than this the hotel was a very nice base for our visit to New York. 
14022 2 mins walk from the Empire State and just off 5th Ave. Really pleasant and helpful staff who really made an effort to make our stay a success. If you're a family, get the suite and you'll be fine. 
14023 Great location- walking distance to Rockefeller Centre. 2 blocks from the Subway. Arrived around 3am and managed to check in after emailing them of my late arrival. Very clean, very small. But plenty of storage given it's size. Rooftop garden great. Heating in my room was a little temperamental. 
14024 Van Hilton iets meer verwacht, Hotel is OK, maar niet super. Personeel is wel bijzonder vriendelijk en voorkomend. Ligging in centraal NY is perfect (als je daar wilt zijn). Continental breakfast is OK 
14025 We stayed here for 2 nights mid-November. We had a great time. They staff were friendly, the room was clean and not noisy, which was great given the location of the hotel. I would definitely recommend this hotel. 
14026 What a hidden treasure! Just steps from the hustle and bustle of Times Square and the theatre sits the lovely Chatwal. The oversized rooms and amenities are a rare find in similarly priced NYC hotels. The service, decor and general ambience was top shelf. Don't miss it... 
14027 Hotel found thanks to booking.com. Good hotel, very good location walking distance to metro, 5th Ave, Times Square, Macy's, Madison Square Garden. Deck staff helpful, clean rooms, breakfast included, all at competitive price! The place to stay if you want to enjoy Manhattan without spending a fortune. 
14028 Location, location, location AND nice people too! The breakfast at the hotel is fine but each time I've been - we have all enjoyed the Deli just three doors down. Also for dinner there is a wonderful Italian restaurant next door. 
14029 Hotel was great for the price. Good location, quite rooms. Breakfast was fine. Better than expected gym. Only real down side was slow elevator and inability to adjust heat. Would stay here again, but would try their Times Square hotel if available. 
14030 I love the Manhattan Club for its location and the energy of New York city. The hotel is well kept and the room size is large for a typical Manhanttan hotel. I can't wait to get back 
14031 Lovely hotel, but please fix the 3 other elevators!! 1 out of 4 is not a good percentage. Internet should be inclusive 
14032 Great location, great service, reasonable price for NY, and large rooms even at the lowest price group, given compared to others innNY. Only the ridiculous prices of the light-fare restaurants are unacceptable. but concierge recommended great neighborhood restaurants within walking distance 
14033 I just came back from a three week stay at the Jewel. It has been wonderful. Excellent location, great room with all one needs to feel comfortable in Manhattan. Very good service, and the girls at the front desk are so sweet you want to take them home with you..... 
14034 If you want to be in the center of it all, the Grand Hyatt is a great place to stay. It is next to the theatre district, millions of restaurants, and fun to shop in the many stores in Grand Central Station. Room was very modern, clean, quiet. 
14035 I had a great experience. Great staff. Room was big for a NY hotel and the location is perfect if you need to be in the West Village, and who doesn't need to be in the West Village. 
14036 Having stayedatn this hotel on 1-6 May 2010 it was perfect. The hotel location is the best (close to everywhere) If I have a chance to visit New York in the future I will stay here again. 
14037 Posizione vicina a tutte le principali attrazioni, rapporto qualita'-prezzo eccezionale, cucina attrezzata con possibilita' di avere in prestito le cose mancanti dalla reception. Silenzioso (a parte il riscaldamento in alcune stanze). Unico neo le pulizie solo settimanali ma complessivamente ottimo soprattutto nei periodi di alta stagione degli altri alberghi. 
14038 As usual our stay at this hotel was excellent. The only negative thing about this hotel is it's lack of free wifi. Aside from that, the hotel is in a good location and is serviced by friendly staff members. 
14039 This is a nice little hotel, decently priced, clean with friendly staff. It only loses a single point because the location feels a little unsafe. We never had a problem to be fair but it does feel -like I say- a little unsafe at night. 
14040 excelente servicio y atencion. El lugar es centrico, lo recomiendo a los que quieran visitar a Nueva York. Pregunten por Ricardo quien los atendera en forma magnifica. El hotel esta cerca de las mejoras atracciones de NY. 
14041 Two women working the front desk were very helpful. Hotel was vintage Aloft in decor and offerings. Rather smaller than the Brooklyn Aloft but near subway and area restaurants and bars. Would definitely stay again. 
14042 Booked a room for Thanksgiving Day 2010. Arrived at their 17 West 32nd Street location only to find an abandoned building. Besides the untold inconvenience, it makes me wonder if the reservation website is a scam to rip off credit card numbers. 
14043 very nice and especially friendly hotel. the room was quite small but otherwise everything was o.k. 
14044 Stayed April 19-22 and couldn't have been happier. It is a busy location but centrally located to central park, Rockefeller center, Bryant park and a short cab/subway ride to meat packing district and lower Manhattan. 
14045 For the everyday business traveler, this location will suffice your needs. Located in the northwest corner of Houston, it has immediate access the highway system and a wide selection of eateries. The room, bedding, tv selections, and service were good. I would stay here again. 
14046 #1 hotel for bedbugs. The only thing that can improve this hotel is for it to be torn down. Dirty, dirty dirty. Nothing at all good to say about it. This hotel will ruin your stay in NYC. Paying more is worth it. 
14047 Although the aesthetic was pleasant the finishes felt cheap. The room was large by NYC standards but the shower temperature was difficult to control. The towels were rough to touch. 
14048 The Hotel is a very nice place to stay if you have buissness on the Uppewr East side... If not it is a bit out of the way. The rooms are nice and large. Very comfortable. The decor is OK but not fancy. Beds are comfortable, clean and well maintained. 
14049 Hotel location is great right next to all major attractions yet very quite. Could not believe the size of the rooms. Staff are excellent and friendly. i would highly recommend staying here and i will on my next trip. 
14050 Although the rooms were lacking some important features such as a minibar, the location of the hotel and the overall experience was worth the stay. Elizabeth, one of the associates at the front desk, was extremely helpful in making our stay a comfortable one. 
14051 This was a great location for the whole family - easy to get uptown or downtown. The staff was very friendly and assisted us whenever we needed it. The rooms were comfortable and well appointed - love the Aveda bath products! We will definitely stay here again when visiting Manhattan. 
14052 this hotel was nice it was nothing fancy, it was very clean the staff was very friendly , alot of great restaurants and bars nice and close 
14053 Hotel was in Chinatown, just a short block from Littly Italy. Less than 1/2 miles from subway. Room was very clean & updated. Breakfast had multiple selections. Staff very friendly & helpful. Free Wi-fi and no charge to print our boarding passes. 
14054 buon hotel, comodo a luoghi e servizi. Lo consiglio!!! 
14055 Excellent service, including housekeeping. Clean rooms. Very good continental breakfast. We had belgium waffles every morning. Hotel has only been open about a year. Good location. About two short blocks from Subway going uptown and downtown to Brooklyn. Very near Little Italy and China Town. 
14056 Room was dirty, whole bulding smelled like smoke, appliances were no working, HOTEL NEEDS MAJOR REMODELING!!!! 
14057 Had a great time, the room was erfect and car service outstanding. 
14058 Very nice hotel, limited menu, but enough places to eat close by. The sports bar on site is well staffed and very friendly place to have a drink after work. Rooms are older, but still nice and this hotel still has a smoking floor. 
14059 Si quieres sentirte en un ambiente moderno y estar muy cerca del coraz'on de NY este es el hotel adecuado. Con una excelente relacion calidad/precio se puede disfrutar de una estancia muy agradable. El staff inmejorable. 
14060 zwischen Central Park und Times Square gelegen. Die Zimmer sind ruhig und sehr gut gepflegt. Wasserdruck war im 12.Stock auch noch ansprechend. Man kann von hier aus viel zu Fuss unternehmen (Uptown)... 
14061 We enjoyed our stay at the Radisson on luxington, we got a package deal thru price line. We would recommend the Radisson, great location! 
14062 Room is comfortable but small. Parking is expensive, $45 per night for valet parking. Typical American breakfast buffet, no much variety. 
14063 Very friendly staff willing to accomodate your requests!!! 
14064 Very near to major attractions, the subway, etc. Very small room but would not complain, as it was affordable. It would be perfect if they had breakfast included and kitchen facilities. 
14065 I stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in March and really enjoyed it - very clean, comfortable room, great location, great cafe next door. Would definetely recommend it and will probably be back. 
14066 This is a great value in New York City. Rooms are large, parking cheap (10.00 per day), great bar, indoor pool. Someone was always cleaning something. Staff very nice. This is my new find for NYC! 
14067 Stayed at the HC from 29th to 3 Dec for my wife's 40th Birthday. Room was small but nice. Hotel staff and in particular Charlie Loors where exceptional and catered for all our needs during our stay. Rooms was a bit small but had all the amenties required. Sukh 
14068 Very convenient to medical centers and they have shuttles. First room was about 78 degrees with AC set to 65. Complained and then after 3 hours moved me to another room. Weak wifi signal. There for one night only thankfully. Could not wait to check out. 
14069 Fantastic location almost next to Times Square. Rooms clean and basic. No breakfast (but I gather that it is common to eat out for breakfast in New York?). Hot water unfortunately stopped in the morning so shower was a bit quick! Good automatic storage locker system. 
14070 Great quality, Very nice design, Expensive breakfast. 
14071 My stay at Hotel at Rivington was terrific! It is a smaller hotel with an intimate feel and very responsive and polite service. I loved the modern/minimalist decor, not to mention the privacy. I look forward to staying here again when I'm next in NYC. 
14072 Just arrived back from a break with my Mother. Hotel in a perfect location, staff are great, very friendly, nothing too much trouble, breakfast very good, room perhaps in need of a spruce up but other than that would thoroughly recommend. 
14073 it's a nice hotel. a little old with some updates ... just don't look at the details. The ony thing that drove me nuts were the pillows. they were square?! didn't like that at all! 
14074 Hotellobby is Great, so are the elevators........................... For the rest bring your creditcard as every move you make has to be paid extra. 
14075 We've stayed here 2 times now and both times we were very pleased with the hotel. Great location, clean and comfortable, very large rooms and quiet. 
14076 I just stayed at the Gansevoort Park this last weekend and it's been one of the best hotels I've ever been.... From the rooms, to the service, to the ambience... everything is excellent!!!! 
14077 A wonderful Hotel. Prices are reasonable enough that we were able to afford the Penthouse Suite. We had most the roof to ourselves and it was the best time I've ever had in New York. I cannot wait to go back! 
14078 The staff here was very friendly and helpful. I will stay here for all my future trips to New York. They accommodated my requests to be moved to the highest floor available. 
14079 We go to New York 2-3 times a year and this is our home away from home. Forget tiny, overpriced rooms-try the Kimberly and have your own kitchen, dining area and 2 bedrooms. Great shopping and restaurants, eat Zabar's takeout one night, it is the best spot in New York. 
14080 Oh my God, stay here, it is fabulous! It's crazily huge, you can wait a wee while for the lifts, but fabulous views if you ask for a high floor room, brilliant restaurant that revolves up top. So central, just brilliant, we walked everywhere as everything is walable. 
14081 The Belvedere is in a great location - 3 blocks from Times square and is reasonably priced. The rooms have refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker and safe. Rooms are clean and staff is helpful. I try to stay there everytime I visit NY. 
14082 We checked into a spacious room that was well appointed and quiet. Hotel is near to everything and very impressive. We enjoyed every minute of our stay. 
14083 Inexpensive and functional, ideal for a short stay in the right location. The restaurant on the top floor is a plus. 
14084 The location is very good. The rooms are spacious and clean. Old building. Terrible service. No mini-bar. Management is not helpful. You can do better. No air conditioning. 
14085 We found this hotel through priceline and LOVED IT!!! The staff was friendly, it was clean and the location was AWESOME! We will def be staying here many more times!!! 
14086 I was worried when the Tuscany lost its W flag, but so far, except for the demise of 24 hour room service it remains a great hotel. Big comfortable rooms. Great staff. Awesome location. 
14087 Habitaciones viejas. En la bodega de las maletas hay ratones 
14088 great little hotel, clean and comfortable. bargain for airport accomodation. breakfast free but good. shuttle to airport free and easy. as good as any of the more expensive places, no restaurant or bar but gym and pool ! 
14089 I stayed here for just a night back in June and I absolutely loved it. It was in a great location, the room was immaculate and the staff was very friendly. I would definitely stay here again and also recommend this to any friends passing through Chicago. 
14090 My sister and I stayed at the Affinia and enjoyed our stay! I would stay there anytime I was in New York. The rooms were very nice and very clean. The staff were friendly and the hotel was close to walk to nearby attractions. Had a great time!!! 
14091 Muy recomendable. Me aloje en bunked bed y iba con la cabeza que iba a ser super chica, pero es suficiente. Los banios siempre limpios y siempre hay alguno vacio. Lo unico qie le faltaria es algun estante extra para la ropa. 
14092 The room and bathroom were clean and fairly new. The beds were comfortable. The most annoying thing was the poor wifi service-it almost never worked. This needs upgrading. 
14093 I love this property!! It is very historic, elegant and the service is great and it is in by far the BEST location in the city. 
14094 The service was horrible the staff had an attitude. I couldn't believe how bad the services are. I don't recommend this hotel to anyone... 
14095 Loved the stay. Breakfast great staff very helpful Elevators long queue in morning 
14096 This hotel is right in Times Square. The hotel is modern, and designed well. It is expensive but worth it. If your coming to NYC for the first and want to stay in Times Square this is a good option. 
14097 Very smart, clean, well appointed hotel. Tucked away at Lexington and 55th, it is still within walking distance of Central Park, Fifth Avenue, Times Square and the Met...We spent our visit walking everywhere and it was great to come back to such a comfy room. Would definitely visit again. 
14098 We rented. Junior suite. The hotel staff ere excellent, the chairs in the suite were really cheap and uncomfortable. And the bathroom area with the toilet was not completely clean, and the toilet paper was not replaced. Other than that the view was fantastic!! Great city location!! 
14099 The staff are excellent and always welcome you.....the breakfast is delightfu and you will enjoy your stay. 
14100 Perfect Service, Terrific Amenities, Great Value! Walk to SOHO, China Tiwn, Little Italy, NYU! Quiet next door to Park. General Manager personally provide the best service that I received while in the City. I will be back! 
14101 I travel to the City frequently for businessand stumbled upon this hotel by accident. What a pleasant surprise. Staff is outstanding, rooms are exceptionally clean, beds are extremely comfortable. Overall, a great package at a very reasonable price. 
14102 We enjoyed our stay at the Edison Hotel. It was ideally located for our visit to the city. The room was ready for our check in when we arrived at 2:30PM. The room was clean and comfortable and the hotel staff that we encountered were curteous and helpful. 
14103 Good location, near subways, shopping, theaters, restaurants, and in the middle of everywhere. Been staying here for 2 years now, just wish they would finish construction. 
14104 Very decent hotel with friendly staff, especially in the restaurant. The Executive Lounge is only serving breakfast on week days. As remarked earlier, mobile phone reception in my room was very poor, so was very depending on the Internet connection. 
14105 After reading other reviews was a bit nervous on arrival however pleasantly suprised. Reception staff friendly and helpful. The room was large enough, clean, cool and had all facilities with a huge bed! The lifts were fast and the location great! Free safety deposit boxes although in reception for valuables. 
14106 What a spectacular location to conduct business and mix it with some pleasure. Transportation options the best...do not need to rent a car. Hotel staff outstanding. 
14107 Rooms very nicely finished, little on the small side but very comfortable. Reception is fab. Wifi free if in the reception area, charged for the rooms. Great local bar across the way, can't remember the name but full of boxing pictures. 
14108 We had a long weekend in Ny - and stayed at this nice hotel. Perfect location close to 5th ave, and loads of small shops, restaurants around. Easy walking distance to more of less all of manhattan. Staff friendly and helpful. Would love to go back 
14109 Perfect location! We walked almost everywhere. This hotel will be even better when all of the renovations are done. Hallways are a little too dark. Liberty Bar closed way too early. Clean rooms... great for two people. Comfortable bed. Friendly and helpful staff. We would stay here again. 
14110 Great Hotel, awesome atmosphere, close to everything, centre of Manhatten, We organised a suite for, 2 adults and 2 children ages 9 & 11, not many hotels in New York really cater for the children, however the Hilton 6th and 53rd does. 
14111 .i was in town for a convention for which this was the official hotel. Overall the rooms where cleanly and roomy. The breakfast buffet was excellent and the staff where helpful and friendly. Highly recommended 
14112 Outstanding Service, large comfortable rooms. Friendly staff and close to everything downtown. 
14113 Great stay. I loved the mattress and pillows...If they only would have fit in my suitcase :)They were truly missed when I got back home. What brand are they? 
14114 Clean Hotel, reasonably priced for the time we stayed (The week of the tree lighting). Great Service. We were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go. Never took a cab. 
14115 Enjoyed the Carlton's quieter Madison Ave, location close to many restaurants and less touristy. The rooms are nice and the lobby environment very pleasant. The restaurant has good atmosphere but the food is not overwhelming. 
14116 Stayed here for two nights. Yes, the rooms are small, but what hotel room in NYC isn't in this price range? Very cute, modern. Friendly staff -- thanks Joanna! Excellent location as well, close to Times Square. I'd come back again. 
14117 We were very pleased , clean comfortable bathroom , good climate control in the room , fast add free wi-fi , excelent tasty breakfast , subway station nearby 
14118 Consistently the best plACE to stay in the city. Staff are helpful and accommodating. Rooms are funky and very clean. 
14119 great location, close to everything, friendly and helpful front desk staff 
14120 spa and restaurant were absolutely incredible :-) best trip to the big city yet. planning on going back real soon. 
14121 Not the Waldorf that is even close to what it once was. 
14122 We stayed for 2 nights and will come back for sure. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room was in the 3rd floor with minimal street noise, did not bother us at all. Room was very clean. Location was great. It was a very comfortable stay. 
14123 Extremely unfriendly, even hostile personnel. I even wonder WHY they keep them there. Do NOT recommend to anyone! There are better hotels in the same price range just 2 blocks away in every direction. Follow the advice not to be dissappointed later. Good luck! 
14124 Went to NYC to sightsee with a friend. We loved the location of the hotel, close to a lot of transportation, shopping and restaurants. As women, we felt 100% safe. Hotel staff was extremely courteous; free wireless access in the rooms. 
14125 Fine for a place to sleep for the night. Limited breakfast and TV options, but there was a nice little gym and a nice little fajita joint next door for lunch before I checked out. Room was clean with working AC and the water was hot. Would stay here again. 
14126 Otelin yeri alisveris yapmak isteyenler icin cok elverisli. Otelin genel servis ve kalitesi de guzel ama biraz otelin tarzi bu oldugu icin biraz da eski bir otel oldugu icin odalar biraz eski kalmis. Modern otel sevenlere pek guzel gelmeyebilir. Hizmet konusunda hicbir eksigi yok. 
14127 The Westin Times Sq. puts you right into the heart of things in the theatre district. Great location!!! Rooms are comfortable with great beds and great baths. Will continue to stay here in the future. 
14128 The location of the hotel is great! We had a quiet, smoke-free room, with good service. We propose that the hotel provide free WiFi in the rooms. 
14129 Well, it is in midtown, what does not translate into the most touristic neighbourhood. But the service is nice, there is a metro station around, and if you are o business, it may right around your next meeting. All in all, you can do a lot worse. 
14130 Huge rooms, comfortable beds, extremely affordable ($70 for king room) when all other options are super expensive, warm, well serviced - lovely housekeeping staff. Coffee pot in room, close to great food options both restaurant & take away, not as super touristy but close to tourist attractions & subway. Recommend. 
14131 Could not have asked for more...excellent location....excellent staff.....perfect in my book....nothing to complain about. 
14132 Stayed for a Business Trip during Memorial Weekend. stayed in a king room with Sofa. good size room, had a partial view of Times square. the Hotel is HUGE and some may feel lost but if you are up for the adventure I'd recommend this hotel. 
14133 They were able to accommodate a last minute reservation at a decent price for the area. Rooms are small and outlets are few and far between. It's a nice place but the rooms are a bit small. 
14134 A very convenient location for this Midtown hotel 
14135 The bedroom suite was really clean, spacious and full ,of light. The staff welcoming and helpful. A good address in Manhattan! 
14136 Stayed here for 3 nights and loved it 
14137 Great hotel and services. Beautifull, cozy, brilliant location close to Time Square and 5th Av. The staff is very good. I would totally recommend this hotel to anyone and I would stay there again for another trip to New York City. 
14138 Das Hotel ist wirklich klasse, genau um die Ecke von Central Station und man kann MidTown von dort ohne Probleme zu Fuss besuchen. Das Hotel ist sehr modern eingerichtet, die Zimmer sind geraeumig und sehr sauber und der Service ist wirklich klasse. Preis-Leistungsverhaeltnis war auch toll. Ein echter Tip! 
14139 Clean, conveniently located, efficient staff, all you need. The only drawback was the heating - when it works it is noisy which is rather irritating at night. 
14140 A wonderful hotel with good size rooms and the most comfortable bed i have ever slept in. 2 blocks from Time Square, 3 from Grand Central Station. Attentive but not in your face staff. Couldn't fault it. 
14141 Front desk service was fabulous. Of especial mention is Mohammed, who went above and beyond to make sure that I and my colleague got into our rooms quickly and were happy with the accommodations. I would stay here again just for the kind of service provided by Mohammed. 
14142 Un hotel antiguo, pero completo en todos los aspectos, me hospede 10 dias y la verdad que no tengo quejas, el personal muy amable, el desayuno muy confortable. Solo gracias al prsonal 
14143 Hampton Madison Square Garden was in a good location and rooms were a little small but decent. 
14144 Came into town for Hot Chocolate Run. Valet and front desk service was excellent! Loved the comfy bedding and all the pillows! Everyone was extremely nice and helpful right down to the bartender! the room was EXTREMELY clean especially the bathroom! Will definitely stay again 
14145 Lieu ideal, en plein Time Square. Beau lobby, bar - restaurant tres sympa, moderne, belles bouteilles de vin. A recommander 
14146 Wonderful suites when you travel with children. Right in the middle of it all. Suites are will equipped and the breakfast is outstanding 
14147 Another horrible hotel that should never have been called a hotel room. There was no room. Worst amenities in the world. could not use the bath until you closed the door. Torn shower curtain and frayed carpeting. 
14148 Was a really nice and uncomplicated stay. Friendly people and good atmosphere in the whole hotel. Cabins don't have a lot of space for closets, that's not so cool and the muffin-breakfast is quite nice but i prefere non-sweet breakfast. All in all i would totally recoment that nyc hotel!! 
14149 Good location, close to Times Square. Rooms were spacious with large flat panel TV, iPhone docking radio, bathroom tiled and nice but not flashy in any way. But cleaner left a rubber glove on the floor, didn't replace used glasses and the price was almost $370/night with taxes. 
14150 Nice Hotel - great gym and personalized training available at no charge through great trainer 
14151 My boyfriend and I have stayed at this awesome hotel the past few times we visited NYC. We both went to school in the city and this hotel is what NYC is all about! Young, Hip and Fun!!! We will be back soon! 
14152 We were so happy with our choice to stay here. From the minute we walked in and were seated with wine for check-in, things just went smoothly! The skyline room was nice and the balcony was a perfect way to end each evening. The staff was great and very helpful. 
14153 Title says it all ! Great location, incredible design, nice rooms 
14154 We did a weekend trip to NY. This hotel was great. The rooms were BIG, clean, and very comfortable. The neighborhood is quiet. Plenty of shopping opportunities all around. Only 2 blocks from Times Square. Staff was very friendly and helpful. 
14155 bien pour un voyage d affaire 
14156 Top NY Address. Great Location. Breathtaking views over CP. 
14157 Inexpensive clean and comfy. W/i 2 blocks of subway. 
14158 My fiance and I stayed here when visiting some friends in New York. Not only was the service unbelievable but the hotel itself was definitely a breath of fresh air from the harsh New York City winter! I would go back in a heart beat! 
14159 Excellent location in mid town. Boutique hotel with trendy decor. Very clean. Relatively friendly staff. Nice shower. However our room was noisy at night due to thin windows and noisy a/c. And room lights insufficient. Good value for money 
14160 I stayed in the hotel in 2004. Returned in May 6, 2009.We were treated very well by the employees. The rooms are clean, neat, well decorated. Security is very good. 
14161 excellent location, good value for your money. Don't go to the Brazilian Restaurant next door, food taste terrible and drinks are over charged. Trhere are many good eating places around the area. Hotel front desk staff are very helpful if you ask for information. 
14162 Beware if the bell boy's trap. USD 2 / bag. Restaurant has excellent quality food. Sometimes the reception is under staffed hence waiting time could be long. 
14163 It was nice to sit on the sundeck in the morning and watch the city come to life! 
14164 Granduca is a special hotel. Staff make you feel at home immediately. The rooms are comfortable and well appointed. The location incredible. 
14165 Great location- right next to the subway and a 24hr store. Quiet and comfortable place. Loved the access to filtered bottled water. Made for a wonderful weekend to experience christmas time in the city!! 
14166 Spent four nights here in early August. The staff was as accommodating and friendly as they could be. Hotel was very clean. Excellent fitness room. Everything is within walking distance - the stores of Michigan Avenue, restaurants, etc. Cross under Lakeshore Drive and walk/run/bike along Lake Michigan. 
14167 Stayed here with family for a week. Hotel is very clean and nice. Hotel staff was very hospitable and helpful. Would highly recommend. 
14168 Great hotel for business & Hilton Honors members. They provide excellent service and very friendly. As a frequent traveler to Houston the property is home away from home. Great Executive lounge, Manger reception on Wednesdays, centrally located. Nice rooms and all other amenities. 
14169 This hotel tries to look fancy but lacks basic things that cheaper hotels usually have. In paticular no coffee maker and the hotel doesn't have a swimming pool as they claimed to. To use a swimming pool, you must go to a neighboring health club and pay for it. 
14170 the Senior Rooms Operetions Manager and all the persons that work there are Exellent, they know how to threat you so they make you feel very good. 
14171 Great location Lovely Room very spacious room right in the centre of it all Had a great stay Will be back again you will not be disappointed in this Hotel very clean plenty of towels Free late check out 
14172 This is a very well kept property. It is surely a crown jewel of Hilton business class hotels. The bed was worn out, but everything else was very well kept. The bathrooms are quite small. The place seems to have been upgraded in the 90's and is in great condition. 
14173 Newer hotel with contemporary design, very clean and helpful staff. Good room size for midtown location and block away from Time Square. Hotel should consider adding a coffee machine to ever room so that morning coffee is not a bit of a hassle. Overall, could not ask for better stay. 
14174 We were unhappy, at first, with our room and were changed to a larger and more comfortable area. Deficiencies in the room were corrected by a polite, supportive and knowledgeable engineering staff. Manager and parking staff were also pleasant and efficient. 
14175 Treated as second class citizen when booking through Hotwire. DON'T risk it ! 
14176 Hotel is just off the Magnificant Mile and offers OK value for that area. Helpful and friendly staff but the whole place would benefit from a good bit of decoration. Parts of the building are looking distinctly down at heel, but nothing that a good makeover would not fix. 
14177 Beautiful hotel overlooking Central Park. Loved it. Great location. We had a king suite and it was very spacious. I did not eat in the restaurant but my friend had and said it was great. Would love to stay there again. 
14178 Loved the hotel, the cabins are great and wonderfully designed, clean and compact. Free Internet, free hot drinks, drinking water, breakfast is fine coffee is good and muffins freshly baked, location is perfect, only few minutes walking to Time Square. Kind and helpful staff. Will definetly be back! 
14179 The room was about the size of a prison cell. The bed was too short for my friend who is 6 foot 2. For 200 dollars a night you don't even get an ensuite bathroom. 
14180 This was a wonderful hotel with a can't miss location to experience Manhattan. Within walking distance to everything and a very professional staff. The room was spotless and had all the little extras to make it really stand out. I would certainly stay here again in the future. 
14181 Teeny tiny room with a bed right inside the door. Kept hitting my head in the tv located right next to what appeared to be dressing table. 
14182 We stayed at the Beekman at then end of March for 5 nights. The room we stayed in was spacious and comfortable. The location was ok, attractions are within walking distance. 
14183 we really enjoyed stayin here..would recommend to everyone 
14184 I was pleasantly surprised at the Barclay. A very comfortably sized room and bathroom with a beautiful entrance and lobby for a wonderful price through priceline. But, parking fee was $60! Close to all - lots of restaurants, nightlife, rock plaza, street vendors, loved the area! Would definitely stay again! 
14185 The Westin Michigan is in a great location, central to everything. The service was outstanding. We had a wonderful trip to Chicago and the hotel enhanced the experience. 
14186 Very nice rooms. Helpful staff and conceirge. Cant wait for new restaurant buildout. Enjoyed very much. 
14187 The location of the hotel is excellent, 4-5 blocks from Times square..my experiance with the room service and reception was very pleasent as well..The rooms are clean with good space 
14188 Would certainly stay here again! Rooms were large and always clean. Fitness Room and Pool were very nice. 
14189 I recomend this hotel Excelent location and hotel service. 
14190 Stay was acceptable. Your staff was great , helpful and pleasant. Building needs updating once you get past the lobby I went back in time. Sorry but being honest. 
14191 Aardig personeel en ook behulpzaam. Een ideale locatie met goede metro verbinding. Nette kamers, alleen het ontbijt was minder. Het leek alsof de broodjes de dag van te voren waren gehaald. Maar voor amerikaanse begrippen eigenlijk niet fout. Zeker een hotel om aan te bevelen! 
14192 This hotel has all the things I am looking for in Chicago hotel...great decor, fabulous location just steps away from Michigan Ave... great service. Best of all great bed/bedding...a deal breaker for me....highly recommend. 
14193 Hotel vecchio e con gravi carenze strutturali stanze piccole e mal curate nell'aspetto e nelle comodita. Personale reception sgarbato e scortese. Mancaza totale di una sua personalita se non quella dovuta al suo nome. 
14194 Hotel posizionato in zona perfetta per arrivare a piedi in vari posti da visitare. Camere veramente troppo piccole con armadi praticamente inesistenti, pulizia non molto curata, ma senza "ospiti inattesi" tipo " bed bugs" 
14195 They promised a room with one (adult sized) bed and gave us two "twins" that are smaller than standard children's beds. They would not let us out of our reservation or change rooms. And they were unprofessional to us and our travel agent. TERRIBLE, RUDE service. DO NOT STAY HERE. 
14196 Great hotel, excellent location - only two minutes walk from Times Square. The rooms are clean and spacious. Charming and courteous staff. If you are looking for a place to stay at a reasonable cost this is your place. I am sure I will be back again in the future.. 
14197 Hotel lobby nice along with staff but room size very small. Bed size smaller than British standard double bed. Hotel great location. Restaurant food good with good atmosphere. Very disappointed in room size, lots of extras Plasma TV and excellnt sound system and lighting. 
14198 I had to review this property again. I had one bad experience back in June, but it's not a fair assessment of this hotel. The hotel is great, and the staff is always on point. It will continue to be my hotel of choice when visiting NYC. 
14199 The morning after my arrival i discovered a blood stain on the blanket. Manager promised to change the blanket, but they just turned it over! It took 5 phone calls to get a clean blanket. 
14200 Had a great week at the sohogrand in NYC. It was located in Soho (obviously) where you'd want to be. We had a large room with views of the NYC skyline. It was pretty awesome. Rooms were clean and staff were very friendly and helpful. 
14201 Great local hotel, all services (restaurant, fitness center, pool), free parking. Close to restaurants, down the road from the Galleria, a premier shopping mall. Quiet; not too close to the highway. All around a great local hotel 
14202 Generally great service... dependent slightly on the staff on duty when you check in or out... continental breakfast is very good .. but once you have stayed at the hotel several times (I'm a once or twice a week visitor) it becomes somewhat bland.... 
14203 Nice hotel, the only problem I had was noise from the water pipes. It happened on several occasions during the night. Staff was eager to fix the problem. The front desk staff were excellent! Kudos to Diane, Liz, Sophie, and Brenden 
14204 One and a quarter hours just to be checked in. The first night's rooms were on the 5th floor and were awful! After compaining we were moved to the 10th floor, at 11:30pm we supervised the cleaning of our own room! 
14205 We booked a trip for our 25th Anniversary with the help of Laurelin Hefter at the W Hotel.....such a wonderful help she was. She made our weekend so "special" with all of the "surprises!! Can't wait to book another weekend in the Fall....thanks so much! 
14206 Die Lage des Hotels ist einmalig zentraler und besser geht kaum. Das ehemalige Tudor wurde nett renoviert und die Zimmer sind fuer New Yorker Verhaeltnisse recht geraeumig. Man ist einen Steinwurf vom Chrysler Building, Central Station und der UN entfernt. 
14207 Stayed 19th Feb for 4 nights All i will say is what a great hotel could not find fault with this hotel location,hotel,room, staff excellent I have just booked to go back for Christmas thats how good i think this hotel is. 
14208 went up for a recent weekend. staff extremely helpful and pleasant. room clean and dining room and bar staff were exceptional. 
14209 I went here for a quiet romantic weekend getaway and must say I was NOT disappointed at all. It was quiet, clean room with a spacious and comfortable bed and an equally pristine bathroom. I am definitely recommending this place to others and will be back myself!!! 
14210 The entire staff was wonderful! The restaurant was great, the rooms were clean and had beautiful views of Manhattan and the Hudson! 
14211 SIAMO STATI I PRIMI DI GIUGNO 2010 - HOTEL RINNOVATO , LA CAMERA UN PO' PICCOLA E ARREDATA IN MODO MINIMALE MA TUTTO NUOVO E BEN ORGANIZZATO 
14212 COMODO DEAN E DE LUCA PROPRIO IN HOTEL E IN 2 PASSI IN TIME SQUARE. 
14213 My wife and I stayed here for a night in the city to celebrate our anniversary. The room was great (seemed new or recently updated) and the service terrific. I had champagne and chocolates waiting in the room and we did room service in the morning. Everything was perfect! 
14214 This place is so beautiful 100% period and I'm staying here again in Jan and im sorry to say but how can people be so negative about four season I know you have your own opinion but common this place is number 1 people stop being negative 
14215 I travel frequently on business and always endeavor to stay at the Waldorf. Their service is simply unmatched. Jackie at the Diamond Desk goes is just outstanding. Staying there is a memorable event 
14216 our stay was amazing.rooms are clean , the staff was mazing especially adem vale.He was helpfull to all guests.Higher floors have a good view.Times square is very close to hotel.Just 3 minutes by walk. 
14217 It was nice location central but away from restaruants and night life 
14218 This hotel is a bit dated but makes up for it with it's excellent location on 48th and the staff are more than helpful. It is within walking distance to many attractions and reasonably priced dining opportunities Just came back from NY last week. 
14219 Rooms were of a good size, clean, staff was friendly and helpful, but not always very knowledgeable. Some tours that were suggested were awful - go on trip advisor before booking tours. The hotel was in a great location - walking distance to many site, tours and pubs. 
14220 Extremely small rooms with poor heating and a/c. Dirty and very dated lobby. No doorman. The location is good but that unfortunately is all you can say about the hotel. The price was inexpensive but in this case you get what you pay for is an overstatement. 
14221 I am from NY.....this will be my new hotel getaway spot. I stayed at many other hotels in NYC. This hotel has everything you need. Solid restaurant, a gym, rooftop. You can't beat it! I will be staying here again in December. 
14222 Nicely located, convenient to l, subway and bus routes. Meals and services were pretty high; and I live close to NYC. Overall, a good hotel. Could use so renovations to keep up with surrounding hotels, but when the price us right... 
14223 Warm and friendly staff; great accommodations; delicious cookies at check-in! 
14224 - Very good size room specially for NY with good storage space - The most comfortable king size bed ever! - Clean and functional bathroom - Nice rooftop bar -Very convenient location: next to many shops - Great value for money 
14225 quite disappointed after stayed in ritz carlton cancun we arrived in this expensive business hotel it was just ripoff and the worst they tried to overcharge me the gym and mini bar didn't believe me and off curse no thanks you at last...... 
14226 The room was spacious, clean and recently refurbished. Service was excellent! Buffet breakfast was really nice. Great location, couldn't have asked for anything more! 
14227 pros - well decorated hotel cons- all rooms are facing the street, and the noise is unbearable. staff is not familiar with the surrounding as they could not refer me to a descent place to go at the evening 
14228 i love this neighborhood and i love this hotel. the food, service, rooms, and common areas are all excellent. there is almost no reason to leave although exploring nyc while knowing you have this hotel to return to is amazing! 
14229 Un vero Hilton gestito da personale all'altezza, vicino al terminal internazionale, collegato da navette e munito di ristoranti di cui uno cucina italiana. Fitness center spettacolare. 
14230 Casablanca was a warm welcome to NYC when we travelled in dec 2011. The rooms are comfortable, the bathroom spacious, the staff were great, location is just steps away from time square...just perfect! We would definetly go back! 
14231 The hotel s old, rooms are in poor shape. Yet I have to say the staff provides a great service! ( I will never stay there again)........ 
14232 As soon as we walked in we werr greated with smiling faces and welcome comversations check in was quick when we got to the room it was perfect roomy and clean big bathroom great view really nice feeling in ny great food downstairs in resturant definatly be staying here again. 
14233 Scary how disgusting a hotel this is ! Wouldn't recommend this hotel to an axe murderer! Actually think I saw quite a few staying in this flop house. 
14234 Our rooms were a real let down, dirty sheets, and curtains, thick dust on and around the room. I wouldn't recommend this to anybody! 
14235 This hotel is so quiet...The entire hotel has calming colors-classy decor and a Botero fat cat in the lobby. The beds and pillows were comfy. Nice lobby-I never got to the Jazz or the bar. Parking was little expensive-it is in a nice residential neighborhood of Manhattan-close to everything! 
14236 If there were 6 stars in the rating I would have given the Andaz all 6! From the minute you come through the front door to when you check out - service is incredible and hotel is beautiful! The only hotel I stay at now in New York! 
14237 die Lage ist bestens, man bietet fuer 4 Dollar ein sehr ausreichendes Fruehstueck an, das Personal ist nett und hilfreich. Machmal muss man auf einen der beiden Aufzuege etwas warten, dass der Internetzugang nicht kostenlos war, war vorher nicht ausreichend ersichtlich. Sonst alles super... 
14238 The Hotel Blake is a great place to stay and go to a Bears game. Clean and nice place to stay. 
14239 Room: very comfortable bed, enormous bathroom, views of Empire State Building. Staff: excellent, knowledgeable, courteous and very helpful. Location: 1 block to starbucks for early morning coffee, 2 blocks to subway Herald Square. 
14240 First off I must say that the location is awesome!!! And that was the only reason I booked there. As for the hotel, it was very clean, quiet and SMALL! But for it's location it was well worth it. However I would advise going for the 'DOUBLE' room. 
14241 Situation is amazing (midtown, very close to Times square) Price is good Parking included (only one in Manhattan) Staff is great ! 
14242 very nice room for the price, get the romance package and it makes the room so much better. The breakfast buffet is the best part with plenty of options. They even have raspberries 
14243 This place is perfect, for a short or long stay. Location is perfect, staffs are friendly, rooms are spacious and clean. This is what i call home away from home. 
14244 it was really a wonderful stay, front desk was the best, the bar service was the worst, but we cant speak more highly overall of this property. 
14245 Perfect location, beautiful room, friendly staff all made for a wonderful weekend in NYC. 
14246 Had a great time! I would most definitely reccomend this hotel to anyone. The service was exquisite! 
14247 King deluxe room was large and very comfortable with excellent bathroom and great Fresh bath amenities. Service was very pleasant and professional and location was great. Would definitely stay here again. 
14248 Hotel in ottima posizione, tranquillo, pulito e con personale cortese. La nostra camera non era molto spaziosa ma il letto era gigante, ci dormivamo tranquillamente in 2 adulti e un bimbo di 5 anni. Ci tornerei...anche subito, pur di tornare a New York! 
14249 We recently stayed at the Novotel, the hotel was central, the staff were of help, and the room comfortable! We couldn't have chosen any better, and would definitely recommend it staying there if visiting New York City!! 
14250 The staff is amazingly knowledgeable and accessible. They have a concierge who knows everything. His name is Eddie. The rooms are efficient and almost new. Ask for a high floor for a great view. The location is perfect, right near port authority and times square. Great stay! 
14251 great room , clean , free parking , close to many touristic locations , the deli next door had good food and good prices 
14252 i would defiently return to the travel inn when i return to new york. the staff was very welcoming and friendly. 
14253 La meme qualite rassurante, de pays en pays. Sofitel propose un luxe de bon gout, discret et sans artifice, qui se retrouve dans le decor, le room service, le personnel, la literie. Seule faute a ce prix la: le wi-fi payant. 
14254 Estuve una semana con mi esposa alojados , el personal muy amable , muy buen desayuno , habitacion normal y todo muy limpio y nuevo , la zona totalmente segura y a una cuadra y media de la estacion del subte 
14255 Muy recomendable 
14256 Great room (corner) with great views. Very friendly staff, good food and all round brilliance. Cannot fault. Would come again. 
14257 Sauberes Hotel in super Lage. Wir hatten ein Zimmer mit Hochbett und der Toilette auf dem Flur. Zimmer sind sehr sauber und man hatte nie Probleme ein freies Bad zu finden. Super ist bei Sonne die Dachterrasse. 
14258 A friendly hotel in a great location. Good breakfast, best to go earlier to avoid queuing, great value for money and would definitely book again. 
14259 First time and it does not disappoint. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful with questions. The hotel is on a great location in downtown and steps away from subway station, that made it really easy to move around NYC. I will definitely stay here again. 
14260 I stayed at the W on Lexington for three nights from 7/21-7/24; notice an odor in the room after the 1st night. Yesheara at the front desk upgraded me on the spot and changed rooms. Excellent and quick service. She and the hotel took great care of me. 
14261 This hotel is so brilliant, so close to everything, so clean, polite and knowlegable staff. Would highly recommend it to any one going to New York City! Rooms good and spacious for all the shopping bags too!! 
14262 We stayed here for two weeks and it was such a wonderful stay! Friendly staff, clean rooms, and overall hotel was very clean. 
14263 Location - Fantastic Room was very dirty. Sheets, bathroom. Staff were very friendly. Bad need of remodeling Will charge you card 75 a nightt for incidentals and will not tell you. $37 a day to park your car. 
14264 This is a very well centralized location...near everything. Magnificent mile (Michigan Ave) is two blocks away. Make sure you talk to Fran he is awesome and can help you with all of your needs. He was able to assist me in reservations from some VIP clients.... Thanks Fran! 
14265 Great location, but a little noisy at night. Breakfast ok. Coffee & tea bar all day. For a New York hotel, staf is very friendly. Rooms very good size. 
14266 when I arrived power was out due to weather no biggie ,had to wait 1 hour that was OK enjoyed my stay and it was close to the blue line and other places to eat 
14267 My wife and I celebrated our birthdays (5/16 and 17th) at F26 an we had a fabulous time. The staff was very courteous. We enjoyed our stay very much! 2 Thumbs UP! 
14268 HOTEL TRES VIEILLOT CHAMBRE TRES OBSCURE BEAUCOUP DE BRUIT DE TUYAUTEIE QUI NOUS ONT EMPECHES DE DORMIR NORMALEMENT AINSI QUE LES ENFANTS;SEUL AVANTAGE SA SITUATION GEOGRAPHIQUE SOMMES TRES DECU DE CET HOTEL/A LA PRESENTATION SUR LE SITE EXPEDIA 
14269 I got in from a red eye flight and had a meeting to get ready for. She got me in my room immediately the day after they were sold out! That is great customer service! Sol 
14270 The staff was wonderful, but the room had a strange chemical smell to it, almost like it used to be a smoking room but they were trying to cover it up. Other then that it is not all that bad. 
14271 Our experience at the Hotel Chandler was well worth the money. The room (while on the small side) was VERY clean. The staff always had a smile & the service -OUTSTANDING. I would defenitly recommend this hotel. 
14272 The Alex Hotel is simply beautiful. It is a quaint and trendy hotel all in one. Not only are the rooms clean, well kept and in working order; the staff goes above and beyond the call of duty. The Alex Hotel provides the BEST service in the city by far!!! 
14273 The location just at central park and close to the subway stations was great. Also the shopping at fifth avenue etc was close by. Breakfast was worth the money. The rooms had a lot of space. I would definitely go back. 
14274 I stayed here a few nights and I just loved the atmoshpere of this hotel. So comfortable and welcoming. 
14275 Great location on the corner of 6th avenue and 54th street. Room was avarage big, clean and had everything we needed..except a coffee machine. Very friendly and service-minded staff. Will stay here again if I get the right price :) 
14276 doormen, front desk, concierge, housekeeping alway sready to help with a smile. perfect location from uptown to downtown and everything east and west. very close to subway. no problem getting cabs. the BEST thincrust pizza is at the corner at "The Cinema Cafe" ! 
14277 Hotel was not bad but a little bit of a let down. Rooms were good but service and breakfast were poor. 
14278 The hotel is very, very well located. Despite its location right off Herald Square, there was NO street noise in our room on the 11th floor. The staff was friendly and very helpful. Breakfast was above -average. 
14279 The staff really go out of their way for everything, its a cute small hotel just round d corner from times square, rooms are lovely, including breakfast, tea, coffee & biscuits @ all times, & wine & cheese in the evening... Couldn't have stayed at a better hotel. 
14280 Really friendly, and helpful. Great location, especially for Christmas shoppers. Restaurant was a little too formal and didn't match the 
14281 Despite the renovation they worked hard to make sure I had a good stay. 
14282 Perfectly located in midtown NYC. Comfortable beds. The fact that there are only 2 elevators is a problem, but once they come, they are fast. Recommended! 
14283 Heard a lot about place but overall disappointing, Small and a little dingy with a pokey bar, certainly not somewere impressive. Not in centre of Manhattan,no real buzz around hotel,would not recommend. 
14284 Great Experience start to finish, pleasant staff, great location, great rest ASIA DE CUBA. would definitely reccomend staying here 
14285 The staff really made the difference for our stay. They all seemed glad to be of service and were quite friendly and helpful. We were always greeted with a cheerful smile and they were eager to help when we needed directions. 
14286 I live across the street from the Allerton. It's not a hotel, it's a homeless shelter. Why it has a website and all is beyond me.. 
14287 first visit to NY in 7 years....very good hotel. rooms cleaned perfectly everyday, staff very pleasant and helpfull. good location to catch the subway, ACE and 123 lines very close. not too many good eating places nearby.....use bubbys for a good if slightly expensive breakfast. overall very good 
14288 Check in was one of the easiest at a marriott, room was small compared to other marriotts that I've stayed in. Service personnel were very accommodating. Excellent location to shops and restaurants. 
14289 One short item: After coming back to my room after being out all day, the door was not locked. Needless to say, not a good experience. 
14290 nice place, comfortable, but not lift and not smoking. Near of subway, sure. 
14291 Our waiter saul was courteous and attentive. Enjoyed our room and location 
14292 We had another great stay a couple of weeks ago. The staff is always so attentive and unobtrusive. The most quiet rooms anywhere, so easy to sleep, which you can't say a lot in NY! Service is always top notch. Can't wait until my next stay! 
14293 We stayed here last July. It was a nice hotel but definitely not worth the price. The room was cramped. The front desk was a little snotty.. 
14294 Found the eddison great for show glitz and glamour then went into the room which i found poor should concentrate on the important things like the room clealiness, comfort and appearance 
14295 Attention is very good, well mannered and lovely registration staff. Room big and includes everything. Refrigerator in room, well stocked. Walking distance to good shops in Madison, Park, and Fifth Avenue. 
14296 Small rooms.. Ok for a day or two's stay. No space for large luggages if you take the standard room. Does not have an elevator.. So if you are staying on the 3rd or the 4th floor - u need to use stairs all through.. 
14297 From the moment we stepped out of the taxi, we were treated like special guests. Everyone was courteous and helpful. The room was great and we slept soundly. 
14298 Despite many options I almost always stay in the Park Lane when traveling in NY for business. I like the location and the large rooms? Avoid the rooms close to the elevators, they are very noisy, the others are very quiet. 
14299 Best price in town 
14300 Clean and safe. Awesome location. No bells and whistles though ...if u just want a room to sleep in this works .... If u expect more than that u will be disappointed 
14301 Essex House has two advantages over hotels in the same price bracket, in my view: outstanding location and decent size rooms (something that can't be said for other hotels in the area). Service is very attentive. 
14302 I stayed here overnight with a bunch of girlfriends and we all enjoyed it very much. The rooms were beautifully decorated and the beds were VERY comfortable. The service was excellent, the drinks at the bar were awesome and breakfast at Triomphe restaurant is delish! 
14303 This is an amazing hotel. Great bar and fun vibe. Plus the front desk folks are the fabulous and very service-oriented. The northern part of Central Park is withing walking distance. I will definitely stay here again. 
14304 An amazing City, an EXCELLENT Hotel. Upgrade to the Gold level. will look for a Fairmont in any city we visit. 
14305 The place was in a great location, clean, reasonably priced, and comfy. The room was small, but we weren't spending all evening/afternoon there any way. There was even more than five cable channels. Great place. We will definitely stay there again. 
14306 Conveniently located in Manhattan, yet quiet. Rooftop terrace is a great advantage in warm months. The hotel is nicely and cohesively decorated and very functional & its staff is helpful. Rooms are well designed but still very tiny. In summary, it is a great place for a NYC weekend base. 
14307 This is a young person's hotel. If you are european or a young person, you will like it here. The rooms are sparse and very Ikea. 
14308 Do not be deceived by the website. This hotel was aweful. Looks like never renovated. Thought we were entering an Alfred Hitchcock movie. Moved to 4 different rooms. Wanted to relocate, but child was there with a school group, so really had to stay. Bought flip flops for shower. 
14309 My son got married in Chicago. Most of the guest were from out of town. Parking was an issue. This hotel provided free parking to guests. The hotel service was excellent and the accomodations were more than adequate. The family thought this was an excellent choice. 
14310 Clean comfortable rooms, right on Times Square, free breakfasts, and reasonable prices. The front desk offers great service. Close to the shuttles to Newark, right by the metro station, and, of course, New York hotdogs! 
14311 Localizacion, habitacion espaciosa, lo que en NYC es dificil de encontrar, servicio estupendo, vamos que una joya de hotel, volveriamos con los ojos cerrados. 
14312 Hotel in einem guten sauberen Zustand. Guter und freundlicher Service. Liegt verkehrsguenstig in unmittelbarer Naehe zu einem der Haupt Entertainment und Shoppinggebiete von Houston. Guter Ausgangspunkt um Houston zu entdecken. 
14313 Great hotel, staff were friendly and courteous. It was very clean and nicely outfitted although a small space. We had two double beds, which were very comfortable, great pillows! Outstanding location for Chinatown shopping and near the subway. 
14314 It is a very nice hotel. I was in Chicago for a conference and it was in a great location to the downtown area. Lots of shopping and great restaurants. 
14315 We enjoyed our stay very much. The staff did everything they could to help us and make our visit to Chicago great. Our thanks to Neil, Kevin, Joanne, Arturo, Estefania, Cederno, and Gaby. Thanks to all at your Lovely hotel at 165 Ontario, Chicago. 
14316 We have come to this hotel 4 times now. Staff always nice and I love that I can bring my dog. The location can't be beat. We were so close to the Macy's day parade...just walked out the 58th side and got a great view. 
14317 Stayed with a large group here over 4 nights. Great location to see everything, and a few minutes walk away from some good eateries. Great Italian around the corner. Rooms were comfortable, clean and as expected. Staff were polite. 
14318 Honest and clean hotel. But not free wi-fi in rooms. Small business center. Breakfast is ok, dont expect much. Unfortunately there's NO fitness center. Helpfull staff! Very good location in Midtown, close to subways and stores! 
14319 Clean rooms, good location, friendly people, lots of smiles. 
14320 Stayed a few days and found the" superior room" shabby with a bath tub with a large chip (5 inches radius). Well past it's prime!! 
14321 Absolutely a lovely hotel, great service, and location, we will go back ! 
14322 We had a wondrerful view of the Thanksgiving Parade and the staff was super friendly! They had an indoor pool which my kids was thrilled about. The location is great! 
14323 Just 1/2 block from Times Square - this is a terrific intimate little hotel in the heart of everything! An indoor pool too. Loved this place and will stay there again on my next trip. Great staff too. 
14324 I could not fault this hotel. Great value, location, rooms, service, staff. MY husband and I really loved staying here. 
14325 perfect for a solo traveller not wanting to stay in hostels. rooms are small but perfectly formed. fantastic location. i would happily stay there again. 
14326 I stayed at this hotel and it was very nice! The hotel room is exactly what you need for comfort and awesome room ammenities!! very very comfy and great atmosphere!!!!! KUDOS!!! 
14327 I recently had to stay there because of my job. The rooms are nice and clean and the staff is always friendly and courteous. You cant beat the price and location. The best value in the area. I would definitely return. 
14328 We just returned from a lovely stay at the Grand Hyatt. The staff was very, very helpful. The rooms were clean, the beds comfortable, and the breakfast bar was so good we never were hungry for lunch. 
14329 The decor that must have been cool and trendy in the early 90's now seems dated. The W is showing its age. But the bar is still hopping! 
14330 If you have a date and want to show her a night on the town, this is the place. Just by the lobby she will think you spent a fortune. Note: Do not get breakfast included, the hot items are worth the price. 
14331 Hoog service niveau, perfecte locatie voor shopping, sightseeing en broadway theaters. Food en drinks zeer verzorgd. Ruime kamers, beperkte verlichting. Gratis wireless internet. Fitness center is compleet uitgerust en 24/7 beschikbaar. Zeker een luxury hotel, niet goedkoop, maar een uitstekende prijs/kwaliteit verhouding. 
14332 This was a good hotel. Rooms were clean and service was great. The staff was friendly and helpful. It was also very close to the magnificent mile and bus lines which was great!! 
14333 Always the choice for our money in NYC. LARGE rooms with kitchenettes, central location on 40th St. Friendly staff, etc-etc. Real nice homey vibe to property....if you want modern chain hotel chic & plushness go pay $400 / nite at the regular big names with their homogenized rooms, points, etc. 
14334 This is an excellent hotel. Everything is clean and comfortable and the people are very nice. Did I mention the free hybrid parking? That's just a cherry on top of a great hotel. 
14335 Top location. From our room we had an incredible view on Times Square. Rooms were quiet clean and comfortable. Staff was nice and helpful. 
14336 My husband and I stayed here while in NYC the end of September 2011. We absolutely loved it. Small but charming. Great service. Awesome location. 
14337 Beautiful and spotless rooms and bathrooms! Friendly and helpful staff. Great location! Best value in Manhattan! My new residence in New York! 
14338 We have stayed here 3 times over the past 8 years. Always clean & always a smile from all the staff. Food is a bit costly in the hotel but quality is top notch. Located in the middle of theatre land. 
14339 Hotel Indigo has a wonderful location in Chicago; however, the staff is the best part. Veronika at the front desk and two ladies in the cafe were so warm and welcoming. Everyone was very helpful. It was a good vacation experience. 
14340 Ideally situated next to Chinatown and Little Italy. Hotel is very clean and very good value for money. No complaints at all and I would recommend this hotel for those looking for a cheaper but nice hotel in NY ! 
14341 Het Belvedere hotel is een centraal gelegen hotel op slechts 2 minuten lopen van Time Square. De kamer is netjes, schoon en voorzien van alle gemakken. Het personeel is vriendelijk en zeer behulpzaam. Kortom; een goede uitvalsbasis voor het verkennen van de The Big Apple. 
14342 stayed just one night and really enjoyed it. large room, no noise, free water bottles...whats not to love. 
14343 My first visit in New York, we didn't know where to stay, then, by walk, we found this exceptional hotel: clean, no noisy on the apartment in the back, low price and a friendly staff.... 
14344 From the pleasant and very helpful staff, relaxing and inviting lounge, terrific accommodations, the little extras, to the great location, you can't go wrong with a stay at this hotel. 
14345 Place was fine - room was pretty standard for NYC (ie, small), but clean and had all the basics. Location was convenient for transportation, which was our main priority this time around. Recently renovated, so that was a plus. 
14346 Stayed in room 606. I recieved an early check in, the room was spotless, the staff friendly. The rooftop terrasse is just amazing, and the location of the hotel unbeattable regarding the price. Will definitely be back. :) 
14347 Marquis is the door of Manhattan. Is in the heart of Times Square and the Broadway theater district, really the best place for new year's eve and more!! You can reach everything in a sec.!! Impressive high-speed elevators, very kind personnel, secure rooms! Also must visit the gourmet restaurant!! 
14348 good location. value price. fan in the bath room was broken and made a big noise. wireless internet need $6, and PC in the lobby was busy 
14349 Zimmer und Bad waren sehr klein, reichen aber vollkommen aus. Als sehr teuer hat sich die einmalige Benutzung des Internets gezeigt. Die Angestellten waren freundlich und haben bei Problemen gut geholfen. 
14350 u should call to confirm ur reservation cuz they canselled our reservation!! but the staff were very friendly 
14351 good location , big room size , old rooms needs renovation 
14352 I Found a croachroak on my window and corridors are always dirty. The Hotel is very well located but need desperatly some improvements in decoration. Rooms are too small, you have difficulty in opening your luggage 
14353 ci siamo stati per natale in quattro sembrava un mini appartamento spazioso pieno di armadi e completo di angolo cucina , la colazione (solo 4$ ) e' veramente conveniente e soddisfacente, la posizione ottima lo consigliamo a tutti 
14354 It was everything I had hoped for and needed. The place to be in Houston! 
14355 Going to New York should be a fun experience, so don't ruin it by booking this hotel. It is truly gross. 
14356 This hotel is in a very convenient location, but it does not live up to its grandeous reputation. We were very underwhelmed by the room and breakfast was mediocre. 
14357 Brilliant 4 nights here, would recomened. Location is about 15minutes walk to times square 5 minutes to Madison, 10 to Empire state. Pleasent and Helpful staff. Nice modern rooms. 
14358 This hotel is in a super location (easy walk to Penn Station, Times Square, etc.), & the price is reasonable for Manhattan. Although I arrived early, the room was ready, and the staff were very pleasant, and I will definitely stay here again. 
14359 Hotel location was ideal for exploring New York. Room was clean with complimentary coffee which was replenished everyday. Complimentary coffee and tea available in the foyer for guests Complimentary internet access with printer available. Staff were helpful and friendly. Deli next door with good range of food at reasonable price 
14360 Don't let the crappy photo fool you. This is beautiful and perfect in almost every way possible. The scent of the fresh flowers, the friendly staff, beautiful furnishings. True luxury with a staff to match. They made our 10-year anniversary special and memorable. GO! 
14361 Comfortable, modern, great location, clean and quiet rooms, but expensive. Very busy. What can one say about being in the heart of Times Square? Large hotel with many options as to restarants and entertainment. 
14362 Hemos estado alojados en este hotel una semana, y solo puedo hablar maravillas. La ubicacion es inmejorable, el hotel es fantastico y tiene todo cerca y a mano Si vuelvo a NY volvere a este hotel seguro 
14363 Everything about it was just right. Perfect combo of value and luxury. 
14364 posizione ottima. a due passi da times square. nuovo con letti molto comodi. la stanza era veramente piccola ma in fondo poco importa. l'armadio inesistente e senza frigobar. solo telefono come servizio extra. tv hd con solo canali americani. silezioso. in fondo ok. ci tornerei. 
14365 Stayed here for one night. Very comfortable room. Excellent room amenities and a nice breakfast in the morning. Not super cheap (where in NYC is?) but definitely a hotel I would re-book and return to. 
14366 hotel is great - super beautiful and cozy! i really can't wait to go back and try one of the famous bugers, i heard they are amazing! 
14367 This hotel was awesome because we drove to Chicago and it's right off of the highway. I liked that it wasn't downtown but that cabs were cheap and readily available! 
14368 Nice, clean hotel at a reasonable rate for NYC. Manger was very knd and attentive to our needs. Rooms were adequate size with a large flat screen TV. The vending machines were not working properly. We would stay here again. 
14369 Incredible location and very confortable rooms. It is really all you need in the heart of manhattan. The only thing they could improve is the breakfast. Particularlly 
14370 Got it on Priceline for $ 115 a night; the best hotel bargain in nyc or perhaps the us. Wonderful, stay, wonderful people, wonderful service. We got a "renovated" room, but it could have used some polishing-up; thus, the four star rating rather than five. 
14371 They went out of the way to make my stay pleasant. Would highly recommend it to anyone. Was there with my daughter and sister. They were able to accomadate my stay by offering two beds without increases the price. Great customer service. 
14372 The Park Central is a nice place to stay. I just returned from a girls weekend trip.The location is great, the staff was very friendly,we had no problems.The rooms were a little small but from what I hear this is normal in NYC.Location is walking distance to all major attractions. 
14373 Tutto ok tranne che all'arrivo le camere prenotate non c'erano ,erano disponibili solo camere standard.Le camere con le caratteristiche richieste e PRENOTATE ci sono state consegnate grazie alla disponibilita' del'hotel. 
14374 Strategically located along Avenue of the Americas. Walking distance to Time Square, Central Park and many many attractions. I loved the location. The hotel can certainly use some renovation. I would stay there again. 
14375 Il suo prezzo e la sua posizione sono davvero eccezionali..A due passi da times square e dalla 5th avenue..E' l'hotel ideale per chi non ha tante pretese, vuole spendere poco e soggiornare nel cuore di Manhattan. 
14376 The hotel is a bit tired It is clean but could use a little updating/polish The staff is minimally attentive and not very polished either If you can get it at the reduced rates, it's a good deal 
14377 Like many rooms in Manhattan - you don't get a lot of space for your money. Aside from that the room was fine and clean. The air conditioning wasn't the best. The location is great - the hotel is just off Times Square, near to the Hershey store. 
14378 This hotel is great if you want a modern, clean, no frills attached place to stay in New York that is central. A great price for what you get, probably the best thing going around if you don't want to have your passport stolen in a dodgey hostel. 
14379 Very convenient location. Easy walk to subway/Broadway/Times Square and restaurants on 9th Avenue. Room was larger than expected for NYC. Had reserved twin beds but was upgraded to double queens. Beds and pillows very comfortable. Staff was friendly and very accommodating. Room was clean. Will stay here again. 
14380 The service at this hotel is outstanding. The staff really understands what customer satisfaction is. The location is very convenient, close to many attractions with easy transportation access. And last but not least, after a busy day, nothing better than an excellent and super confortable bed to sleep. 
14381 Very impressive entrance & modern space -reminded me of being in an art museum. Busy place - room was noisy - and sheets were not fresh. We complained & they upgraded us to another room. Much better. 
14382 Overall the W was a great place to stay. Stayed one night, staff was very nice, room was clean. Room was smaller than expected. Very close to subway. No free internet was disappointing. Room service was expensive. 
14383 Overall we had a great stay and I would recommend this place. Plenty of train stations nearby to get you to where you want to go. 
14384 First stay at a Westin. Not really impressed for the money. Room and bathroom were ok. I was really disappointed at the room decor. I was expecting more luxary. Hey our room overlooked Hotel Carter!! 
14385 Good value for money hotel.Brilliant location on Madison Avenue right beside Central Station.We had a very enjoyable stay.We got one of the upgraded rooms which was nice. 
14386 juste un soucis avec le chauffage par la clim un soir , mais mem a 2 heures du matin vous avez des concierges pour reparer; 
14387 Fantastic room overlooking the statue of liberty and the harbour; great food and service. the Club Lounge serves good food and wine in the evenings. Gym is a little small but does the job. 
14388 Held a meeting at the facility. Staff was fantastic, breakfast was great. I am a Hilton Gold VIP, so I have seen a lot of Hilton Properties. This is one of the better ones. 
14389 Great location, beautiful hotel, although desk staff not exactly the friendliest initially. 
14390 We booked a group of rooms for our daughter's wedding. Our guests loved the hotel. The rooms were roomy and everyone raved about the shower. The staff arranged for shuttles to and from the wedding and reception. 
14391 The hotel was very clean, rooms a little small but great for a short stay. Concierge very helpful.Minutes from Braodway. 
14392 A great location, friendly service. The muffins in the lobby were a bonus. 
14393 I love this little hotel. Teh people are very friendly and helpful. THe price is reasonable.I stay here whenever I am in Chicago. 
14394 Great cool hotel in the best part of the City. Stylish retro maritime decor. Superb italian restaurant and patio. Small but very practical and cosy rooms. View towards Hudson river. Nice lobby and friendly staff. Good choice for single or couples - less for families needing bigger rooms. 
14395 Have just come back from NY, stayed at Hotel 41 a small friendly hotel, location is just superb. Staff very friendly, only problem we found the rooms are tiny, with no window, which we didn't like. But out and about most of the day, so it didn't riun are stay. 
14396 Got a good price online. $99+tax.. The hotell was excellent for the money. Good size rooms.They have a pool to hang out at which is a bonus. Location was a little bit of a walk for were we like to go downtown.Overall would definitely stay there again. 
14397 Close to the galleria and surrounding area with fine restaurants and shopping. Hotel is a friendly place, comfortable and a reasonable price. Big beds and a well appointed bathroom. Fine bar with a nice choice of fine whiskies and very friendly service. 
14398 My wife and I stayed at the Westin over St. Patrick's weekend for a business/pleasure trip. We had a wonderful stay and loved the hotel. The sushi bar is fantastic as was the gym. 
14399 Suzana,one of the front desk clerks was outstanding.From time of check in to departure.So very kind and considerate.the entire staff is great !!!!Friendly ,prompt and courteous!Weber Grille restaurant is consistently good. suzana got me to my scheduled meetings ,and my dinner meeting with great directions. 
14400 Mooi hotel met zeer ruime suite's. Onze suite bevond zich op de 41ste etage met uikijk op Time Square.(Standaard kamers hebben we niet gezien) Zeer centraal en ook lopend goed te doen(5th avenue,Central Park,enz)Subway ligt naast hotel Ik vind het hotel een aanrader voor een verblijf in Manhattan 
14401 The staff was wonderfully helpful and gave great recommendations and directions for food and entertainment around town! A special thanks to Michael Foxworth for going above and beyond! 
14402 Lovely hotel in the heart of Manhattan, it would have gotten a superb review, but my shower head was broken and they weren't (understandably) able to fix it during my one night stay... 
14403 This hotel is fine for a holiday. The rooms are small (like all Tourist hotels) but OK. Great is the POOL at the 14th store with a view over the city. Great after a day shopping in the heatness of june! 
14404 Muito bem localizado. Os quartos sao pequenos, mas pratico. Tem um supermercado otimo na esquina. O restaurante Serafina e sensasional, e o hotel dava 10% de desconto para os hospedes. A recepcao te trata com educacao, mas totalmente frios. O preco era razoavel,. 
14405 I find it interesting that the common social economic group this hotel wants to diffrentiate is the 30 somehting group. It was not welcoming to our group of griends in the lobbly and I found it quite odd. I believe it's or the "see and be seen crownd". 
14406 The Marriott Westchase is a completely adequate hotel. The facilities downstairs (lobby, restaurant, bar) are nice. The rooms are a bit dark and built for the tastes of a few decades ago, completely adequate though. The location is very nice, close to a lot of eating options. 
14407 how do they get these reviews? the rooms are just fine, but there are zero amenities. no real lobby, either. beds are comfy but hardly worth the extra $$. i would stay here at a deep discount, but that's it. 
14408 location was a little far, but the place is exrtremely nice and quite, very difficult to find a cab from the place although, the breakfast felt like eating at home, cozy place, but the hotel has no restaurant (neighbouring one has although) 
14409 Just about my 12th different hotel stay in NYC and this one tops them all.Great location with a shake shack down below to boot .Very quiet,great beds,views and lobby.Only NYhotel I know of where parking next door is 22dollars a day,wow. 
14410 Hotelet ligger midt i det hele og er man kun faa dage i NY kan man ikke taenke sig en bedre beliggenhed. Prisen kan man slet ikke klage over, god mad, rent. Det eneste der har generet os var tobaklugt paa vaerelset. 
14411 We have been to five Four Seasons properties around the globe...Expect the best from the staff with their excellent service. The properties are impeccable. It is always amazing to be a guest at the Four Seasons! 
14412 This hotel is a gem. The room was a typical size for NYC, the bathroom was really nice, and the bed/linens were comfortable. The decor was impeccable, and the service was great. We would recommend this hotel to anyone. 
14413 my wife and I stayed right before thanksgiving, great location half a block from 96th station(express train) so even though you were uptown ,10 min. to times square,our room was smalland had a shared bath but both where clean good value would stay here again 
14414 Cool vibe, nice rooms, great rooftop patio/bar, customer service is great! Close to Times Square and great Hells kitchen dinning. Difficult to catch a cab at times so plan ahead for that. Kimpton does not miss a beat! Great stay overall 
14415 Aunque esta cerca de las atracciones turisticas el hotel es horrible. La habitacion olia fatal, muebles viejos y rotos...Evitar este hotel 
14416 I was very pleased with Tribeca Grand...our room was very clean and spacious. The bathrooms are very nice and contemporary. Overall the best place I've ever stayed at in New York. The location was great and we felt very safe there. I will definitley stay there again. 
14417 This hotel offers the standard "Embassy Suites" experience with great customer service. The location is very convenient to the L. We were impressed with the staff who took the time to find out how our stay was going and what could be done to make it better. We'll be back. 
14418 Everything & everybody was so nice, close to everything. Easy check and check out. Will hold luggage for you. Great rooms and views. 
14419 This place is not luxurious, but it certainly fits the bill if you are looking for an affordable, clean and safe place to stay in NYC. Convenient to subways and other midtown attractions. Great price! Only drawback: a little noisy. Outside sounds come into the room, but that is NYC! 
14420 This hotel is OK. The bed is very comfortable and the furnishing are OK. Good breakfast. Not sure it is worth the cost. 
14421 It is a very nice hotel, staff were really friendly, room was very clean and had a great view of the city the restaurant right beside the hotel is great from breakfast, I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be in central in NYC 
14422 As a first time NY visitor having a great hotel was key. The San Carlos fit the bill by being in a great location to attractions and subway. The rooms are nicely sized and the personnel were helpful and friendly. Would definitely stay there again. 
14423 10 mins walk to a beach one way, 5 mins to all the shops downtown chicago has to offer in the other direction. hotel is a typical best western, rooms very standard issue, clean, just generally exactly what you'd expect. would stay again 
14424 1st time in New York and choose this hotel due to all the positive feedback on here and we weren't let down, the breakfast and wine + cheese evenings was a great bonus, however the room was a little on the small side, but clean and despite the location quiet 
14425 For the location, this hotel was a great pic: very clean, good price, and within walking distance to Wills (Sears) Tower and Navy Pier. The parking lot is very, very small though. If you are staying here, get here early. 
14426 I stayed in this hotel for a business trip in August 2011. It is good if you are having most of your appointments in downtown Houston, but nothing that cannot be worked around if you have a rented car, as you probably should do anywhere in the US. 
14427 The location was great for first time visitors to New York. Clean rooms, friendly staff, what more could you want? 
14428 Was wel een kleine bedompte kamer.Badkamer is aan vernieuwing toe. Prijs kwaliteit redelijk, maar het hotel ligt perfect en de service is goed, dus voor mij het perfecte hotel voor een weekje New York. 
14429 We stayed two nights in a newly renovated room, and we loved the location. You're almost on Times Square. Clean and quiet rooms with a really nice view over Hell's Kitchen towards the Hudson River. 
14430 I would definitely stay at The London again. Fantastic location, great service coupled with well decorated rooms. Housekeeping should be commended for keeping the rooms uber clean. 
14431 The location is very good, very small bedroom, shower broken, the staff of the reception is poorly educated, they neither help nor with information about the city, they are superb and arrogant. 
14432 I stayed for 5 nights at the Lola and it was a very good experience. Staff was very efficient, rooms were nice and clean, great price and the location superb. I'm already planning another stay in the near future. 
14433 Staff was wonderful, bellman was very helpful, breakfast and drink tickets included with room. Convient location for us. Only negative was towels could be better. 
14434 The service, value and location were great! East to fin and very comfortable. Felt self since access to all rooms are through the hotel lobby. We were very tired from our travels, but they made the experience above and beyond for us. Thanks again Red Roof Inn!! 
14435 This hotel has a great location close to times square central park and the subway.The service was good. We had the breakfast every morning and the food was good--standard buffet breakfast. The rooms where clean and large by NY standards 
14436 I stayed at the Park Central for the second time in the a month. What a find. The rooms are spacious, the employees are friendly and it is conveniently located. Great place for business and pleasure. 
14437 Of course, the Westin Hotel is a wonderful place to stay. Quiet, comfortable, fantastic location. 
14438 I enjoyed my stay at the Courtyard Downtown River North. The staff was very friendly and the hotel was clean and comfortable. The location, on Hubbard Street near many bars and a short walk from both the Magnificent Mile and the river tours, is ideal. 
14439 Connected to the tunnels downtown, high cleanliness rating, can't complain about the room. Its just that Houston doesn't have the most inviting downtown in terms of foot traffic. Crashed here for a night on Priceline and caught an Astros game. Aways from the ballpark, long walking trek. 
14440 we had a great time, hotel was nice close to everthing, loved it xx 
14441 Excellent service, great greeting and all accommodations including the room were right on par with a nice 3 star hotel. Front staff were very polite and helpful. Would definately stay again at this hotel. Great value for the dollar and very clean. 
14442 Staff were not only unhelpful, but they stole/lost something, then lied about it. Management was belligerent and definitely didn't put the guest first. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL. For the cost, the accomodations were lacking, but most importantly, service was abysmal. 
14443 The hotel was nice and location was great. The downside was the room was so hot, and I couldn't take a hot shower. It was freezing! Thank goodness we were only there for one night. 
14444 Great hotel, wonderful and big room, great location. Booked by ratestogo.com and got a great price. Highly reccommend it!! 
14445 great location but help is a premium when trying to contact the front desk,concierge,directions,etc and the new elevator system is not user friendly at least for us 
14446 As always, Kimpton Hotels provide a top notch property. The property and staff at Ink48 are great! The hotel is close enough to absolutely everything and yet out of the hustle and bustle. The local market diner a few blocks away was a great find for breakfast. 
14447 We stayed here recently and was really pleased with the staff, service and location. There are so many things to do within walking distance and the station for the red line was a 10 second walk. Loved that wireless internet was free as well. 
14448 Surprisingly large rooms, nice bathrooms and quiet. The Gordan Ramsay restauraunts in the lobby are expensive, but serve excellent food. All in all, highly recommended. 
14449 Great location and nice staff make the VERY small rooms doable definitely better for singles or couples. Loved the great location, close to the subways and walking distance to Times Square, Hell's Kitchen for great restaurants and shopping! 
14450 First time in the Windy City, I was a little bit worried but this was a nice hotel. Everything was clean and the staff were helpful. The little pizzeria/breakfast diner was good downstairs. We couldnt have wished for better for the price. 
14451 Friendly and thoughtful desk staff went out of their way to make our 5 night stay wonderful. Harlem is a beautiful community and this hotel is in the heart of it. We'd stay here again. 
14452 We stayed in a suite (4 adults) and we all thought it was wonderful. The room was clean and served our needs very well. The staff is super friendly and you can't beat the price. The room was small, but again, you can't beat the price. 
14453 A great midtown base for a long weekend in Manhattan. Comfortable rooms, attentive front desk service and a cool lobby bar in the long corridor to 57th. The current construction next door makes for appalling weekday noise so I would check before hand if you are staying during the week 
14454 There was nothing disappointing in this hotel. Food quality is great. I can recommend for business meetings and personal purposes. Corner suits have great view to both sides. Personnel is very friendly. 
14455 This place was beautifully decorated, had super comfortable beds, friendly and helpful staff, reasonably priced, and it was close to a subway. The rooms were a little small but that is to be expected in NYC! This place surpassed my expectations and I would definitely stay here again. 
14456 We were very happy with the hotel. Location is convenient -- short walk to Grand Central. Room was well maintained, and clean. Staff was friendly and helpful. I'd stay there again -- no question. 
14457 We stay there very often due to business. The hotel is great, quite, personable. The hotel does not have the busy feel of mega hotels. Service is excellent. Room size is pretty good for Manhattan. 
14458 Had a great stay here. Room was clean and comfortable. Breakfast was tasty and replenished often. Hotel location was very convenient to Houston activities. Staff was friendly and very helpful and responsive to questions. 
14459 I was in the hotel in July 2012. It was a pleasant, quiet stay. Opposite the hotel there is the Hudson River Park. The bus goes right up to the hotel. The staff is very nice. Better not. Ideal for solo travelers. 
14460 The inside reality of this hotel does not match the outside perception of these previous reviews. This hotel has really gone downhill since my last stay 4 years ago.The staff at the Paramount has become very seedy and unwellcomming. I will not stay here again. 
14461 Great location, excellnt service and a beautiful room, amde my stay just perfect. A good value for money. 
14462 We stayed in this hotel for our wedding night before going away on our honeymoon. The attention to detail was amazing! Beautiful room, modern yet classic design, just wonderful! 
14463 This review is a bit late, however I thought it deserved a mention. We stayed at the W hotel last July. What a wonderful hotel in a fabulous location right near times square. Rooms are very modern which we like. 
14464 Our stay with the Doubletrree Intercontinental Airport was wonderful! We hosted an event there and everyone was a pleasure to work with. We will be back next year! The rooms were clean/nice, the service was wonderful, and the location was perfect. I would recommend this hotel. 
14465 une belle surprise! tout a cote de CP! trop bien, un week end de reve avec traitement de roi! 
14466 The hotel's location was great, all within walking distance to the theater district and times square. The hotel rooms were clean and well appointed. Good value for the price, especially for the location. 
14467 A small but convenient hotel extremely nicely and strategically situated in the vicinity of Broadway and underground (same street). You can not find any hotel in the same area where price/performance gives you so much value for your money! 
14468 A very good hotel for the price, with comp breakfast and internet. Rooms very modern, flat screen TV, recently refurbished, extremely clean. Great central location minutes from Times Square, Macy's etc. But what made it stand out for us was the helpfulness of the staff. I'd recommend it! 
14469 AWESOME hotel, staff is great, the Managers get together is a nice touch at the end of the day....EXCELENT service Patrick In the middle of everything can walk everywhere....for sure will be back!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
14470 This hotel was great. The room was big and clean. Good breakfast and the rooftop was awesome. The only negative thing was the elevators didn't have AC. Otherwise this was a great place and I would come back. 
14471 The hotel is close to Broadway and Times Square. There are good restaurants around, and th subway 50th station is on the right corner.The breakfast room is almost always crowed, but very good in terms of variety and quality. 
14472 Nice staff and grounds, lobby, and restaurant are in excellent condition. Rooms are ok, but seem old and lack quality for the rate we paid 
14473 Excellent for business travelers. Right near freeway and 30 minutes from airport. Amenities were excellent and staff was very thoughtful. 
14474 Never expected such a great experiance in a NYC hotel at the price we paid, the staff were excellent, the room was massive, it was well located. We will not consider staying anywhere else in NYC. 
14475 Be careful.. you may stay in a smoking room even if you have booked 2 rooms in the hotel for more than a month ago. Terrible experience and the inconvenience of having to change rooms. Will never come back. 
14476 Average room... but great location .. next to Chicago's Hilton 
14477 and opposite Millenium Park 
14478 Its says it all 
14479 De locatie van het hotel is fantastisch, een weekkaart voor de Metro is zeker een aanrader en vergeet niet te eten bij Maze van Gordon Ramsey in verhouding een lage prijs voor een zeer hoge kwaliteit. Daarnaast is Meatpacking district een leuke buurt om te winkelen en te eten. 
14480 Hotel Eddison we would stay at this hotel again prime location Time Square is on the doorstep Hotel a bit dated but it is clean our beds were made eveyday and white clean towels everyday so for what we paid for the trip we were very happy 
14481 Stayed there overnight. Was a clean, bright, and convenient hotel. Rooms were well layed out, and contemporary styling. The breakfast was excellent! The staff were cordial, but many did not speak very good english. Not all of the elements in the room were working, but I made due. 
14482 I stayed at this hotel over christmas and could not believe the state of the place. The locks dont work the showers have no hot water in actual fact if it was being used as a hotel in Ireland i think it would be condemmed. Martin Dublin 
14483 Loved every second of our stay here. The staff were impeccable from start to finish. Such a lovely place. THANK YOU for coming to New York and giving me somewhere to want to come back to every time I come to New York - for business or pleasure. 
14484 Room-small rooms, but updated decoration. Room was clean and functional. Wish it had a fridge. Location- excellent location. Easy access to public transportation. Parking lot next door. Trader joes across the street was very convenient. Good deal for the price, booked this for the price, location, and breakfast included. 
14485 great value for money, we were on a bus tour so this was a part of a accomodation, but for sure a great one, clean, great staff, complimentary beverages at lobby. 
14486 Two nights on this stay. Fully the level of consistant Hampton quality I have come to expect. SO close to restaurants, theaters and Times Square. Subway entrance for A-C-E right there at 50th/51st. Staff is very polite though maybe a little unseasoned. 
14487 Great hotel. just a few blocks from Times Square and Theaters. Next door to fire station but you could not hear sirens from room. Cons: There were always 3-5 doorman standing in the entrance talking amongst each other and never offered to help with luggage or acknowledge anyone coming in. 
14488 Hotel st james was excellent value.large rooms,well serviced every day.Great location,close to subway and the major bus depot.walking distance to all 5th avenue shops and macy's.ALso central to all the broadway theatres.Front desk staff friendly and helpful.Thouroughly reccomend hotel st james. 
14489 My husband and I stayed in the Inter-Continental Barclay for 3 nights in mid September 2005. We were very pleased with the hotel - good location (between Park and Lexington Avenues), nicely decorated room, and friendly staff. We would definately have no hesitation in returning. 
14490 We have stayed here several times. The location is great and the staff is very helpful. Rooms are clean and comfortable. 
14491 Good location. Small room. Get a room with a bathroom. 
14492 From the moment we stepped out of the taxi we were greated with one of the most attentive staffs and General Manager! Hotel is clean / Beds are GREAT! and its steps away from one of the most exciting parts of NYC 
14493 9 of us stayed here in 3 rooms. The rooms, location etc are fantastic. Outside noise was non-exisitant. The Front Desk staff, very disinterested in us. Guy rolled his eyes several times when we requested sepearte bills. Overall, a great hotel. 
14494 You won't find anything in the city with so much space and convenience as the Flatotel's family suite. Not the most beautifully decorated room, but definitely the most convenient. 
14495 Large room with a gorgeous view of Statue of Liberty. Room service food was bland, check in took seconds. Spa services were excellent. I had an amazing and relaxing time. This Ritz Carlton is awesome! 
14496 Could not get a better location, the staff were always helpfull with the top star going to Sandra on reception. A little over priced but a great hotel. Defo will stay here again, me and my wife had a fantastic break with the hotel making it. 
14497 absolutely fantastic customer service, all staff friendly and very helpful, rooms very comfortable and kept clean to a high standard, would defiantly recommend staying here not to far in to all the hustle and bustle but in walking distance. :-) 
14498 This hotel has wonderful friendly staff, perfect location, convenience and clean rooms. They have a great little bar and offer coffee and drinks for those on the go. The quality and cost is sure to make you want to come back! 
14499 Estuve en la planta 21 y tardaba 5 minutos en coger el ascensor, solo hay 2 y siempre a tope. Pero por lo demas, bien situado. 
14500 Very good hotel,10 minutes from Time Square.Good clean room at 14 floor,clean en nice.Little nooisy in de night,but we were to tired to notice that. Close by to everything in New York,absolutely worth the price. 
14501 Excellent service, relaxing, very good location, good falt screen TVs, well equipped bathroom, accommodating staff, nice view. 
14502 Great location.the hotel is old so don't expect anything spectacular.The rooms are big. internet does cost but is wireless.its a good hotel considering its in NY. the bed was horrible.really old.would be good if they changed them 
14503 Travel Inn was a very clean, nice hotel. Conveniently located - a quick walk or bus ride from Times Square. Convenient to transportation, restaurants. Hotel was quite and very clean. Stayed 6 nights and had no issues. Recommend this hotel for a pleasant visit to NY. 
14504 This hotel was perfect, right oposite maddison square garden on 7th and 31st. Rooms were very large, exceptionally clean and had everything i needed. The staff were very freindly and accommodating. i wouldnt stay anywhere else. 
14505 carpet very dirty and it seems that this was also the case in the room of friends of ours who had the same issue 
14506 This hotel was in a convenient location close to the subway. The rooms were spacious, nicely decorated and clean. The staff were very helpful and friendly. We would stay there again when visiting New York next from New Zealand. 
14507 Beautiful room on 38th floor, amazing view. Lovely hotel, great location, walking distancd to Saks ouch!!!! Hotel full of convention delegates always talking shop but could not detract a beautiful hotel in an amazing location. Great bar little pricey though 
14508 the welcome is perfect, khady and mohamed are very friendly and helpful for each request. the location is perfect and the restaurant serves good food. 
14509 I'm and elite member so our room was ready at 10 am when we arrived. Great room, large and very comfy beds. The location is great, a few blocks from the subway and near shopping and theaters. Will definately come back! 
14510 Great but not cheap. Very uptown. Watch out for the mini bar, if you touch it, its get charged to your room. If you find your owning parking, you'll save alot too. 
14511 Modern hotel op een toplocatie in New York. Enige min punten zijn, lawaai van de lift in de kamer naast de lift en de badkamer mag vernieuwd worden. Plus punten, super locatie, lekker maar wel prijzig ontbijtbuffet, moderne lobby in Novotel stijl 
14512 Friendly staff, nice breakfast to start your day, perfect location for a new york trip. Near to public transportation, Times Square Broadway musicals, Central Park and you don't need a car to do all these things. Visit the House of Brews in 51th street around the corner. 
14513 The location of this hotel worked out perfect for us. The staff was friendly and helpful and the rooms were clean. 
14514 This is a beautifully renovated hotel in the heart of NYC. However, whoever did the plumbing for our bathroom was careless. The sink leaked on the floor and both faucets gave hot water instead of one hot and one cold. 
14515 Won't book here again. Disappointed some business folks who were staying for the first time. A hotel that doesn't offer coffee in the room is no longer understanding their customer. Hope this is reconsidered because this is a number 1 priority for our folks. 
14516 nice hospitality of the staff.....i have a great time staying to your hotel for a week. it's very near to the Belmont station which make it as a perfect location for travelers. thank you guys!!! 
14517 We watch guest check in one after the other for 2 hours.... All the check in desk would tell us is it's because you have a suite. So Pay More Money to be treated like garbage!!!! NEVER again! Not worth the $$. Better treatment a Holiday In Express!!! 
14518 We stayed at the Buckingham 1 Nov - 4 Nov 2008. Excellent suite room, loads of space, kitchenette area, lounge area with sofa bed so easy can accommodate 4 people. Great location 57st off 6 ave. Only 2 blocks away from Central Park, in the heart of everything...would book again. 
14519 Really enjoyed this hotel, great location and really helpful staff.....have normally tried to stay away from the accor branded hotels but found this one very comfortable 
14520 I was a little surprised at the size of the bed in the room which appeared to be small but actually was probably average for a New York hotel. The bed gave me a great night sleep after a long day of work. 
14521 Excellent hotel. Big clean rooms, and air condition in winter! Apparently many hotels turn off the AC in the colder months.It was 65degrees in January. No complaints. 
14522 We placed the high bid on a trip package for the Waldorf. Liked: Beautiful lobby and Art Deco decor, history, and wonderful brunch, polite and helpful staff. Disliked: $16/ day for wireless, balky shower handle, limited TV channels 
14523 Good hotel, small rooms but clean and quiet. People at the desk a very kind and helpful. I will come again during my next visit. 
14524 Everything about this hotel is amazing: the staff, the room, the location, the convenience...I literally cannot say enough positive things about this place. It is on a quiet street, but very close to everything entertaining. I will not be staying anywhere else on my future trips to Chicago. :) 
14525 Fantastic location with excellent rooms. Staff could go out of their way a bit more to accomodate little requests considering this is a luxury hotel. Other than a small request I made tat they couldn't fulfill all was great at this hotel. 
14526 Pros: Great location Beautiful architecture Cons: Grumpy staff Slow service Tiny rooms No place to store clothes, except closet 
14527 Perfect location! Very clean! No Bedbugs! European restuarant next door is fabulous!!! 
14528 Perfect in every way Location, value, comfort, service, food Don't hesitate, book now 
14529 The service was great and the employees were very kind. Definitely somewhere I would stay again!! 
14530 georgeous setting in chicago! too much to offer and list..utilize concierge to focus on activities.food abounds in the near neighborhoods in all price ranges. safe for walking at all hours. rooms lovely 
14531 Outstanding hotel, idealy located for shopping. Room was huge and the bed very comfortable. Would stay again without hesitation. 
14532 This hotel is just perfectly clean. We were in NYC for only one night and it was a perfect location to be right into action... but with a very nice and quiet sleep! 
14533 Good location, a block from Union Square. Small hotel, small lobbey but everything is clean and convenient. Hallways are tight and rooms are small but most NYC rooms are the same size. Room looked like it was recently updated. 
14534 Un bell'hotel...immenso e ben gestito.Bella hole belle camere...bella posizione! 
14535 Prijs/kwaliteit verhouding dik in orde. Verwacht niet te veel van de hotelkamer, maar tijdens een bezoek aan New York zal je hier als het goed is relatief weinig tijd doorbrengen. Elke middag schone handdoeken en een opgemaakt bed. Daarnaast een absoluut ideale ligging voor een weekje New York. 
14536 Location is great. Away from the bustle of Times Square but close to subway. Lots of eateries close by. Rooms are small but well appointed. Bathrooms adequate - great NYC water pressure. Our second time and we will repeat! Comfy beds. No pool or spa. 
14537 The location is literally at the end of the runway? So close you will want a room facing the back! 
14538 Great room, especially with kids. Staff really helpful and friendly. Suited our needs perfectly for a weekend trip to NY. Would definitely go back. 
14539 Excellent!! Lovely warm cookies on arrival, great start to our holiday, The hotel is right in the heart of Times Square, so such a perfect location. The rooms were lovely and very spacious. When we return to New York, i would definately stay here again, highly recommended!! 
14540 For the price, this hotel is a Gem !!! I stayed there 3 nights in September. I'm not able to find even one negative point. It's very quiet, clean, perfect good, very good price. 
14541 El mejor hotel que he visitado por la comodidad de sus colchones y las maravillosas vistas a Michigan Avenue. 
14542 Generally mediocre hotel but the Internet service has to be the worst i have experienced in years - and for $15/day i expected better. Surprising given that this hotel caters to business conventions (it appears). 
14543 Just think New York should have a standard before got there, but wrong, totally wrong! Come home now with bed bugs bite, maybe even take home the bed bugs! Watch youtube and search Hotel Carter in New York you will see how awful it is! Warning-bed bugs!!! 
14544 No complaints here! Hotel is clean, modern and the bed is super comfy. Wifi worked perfectly and the hotel is situated in a great location. Close to shopping and restaurants. Staff was super friendly and helpful. I would highly recommend this hotel to anybody. 
14545 Stayed here while moving my son into nearby Marymount Manhattan College. Very consistent Marriott. Rooms seemed very clean and up to date. Amenities not over the top, but fine. Service seemed a little overwhelmed as I was leaving. Sunday was a busy check in/out day. 
14546 The headline says it all. Roaches in the rooms! NEVER will I stay here again and I didn't even get my room credited. That's poor customer service. Avoid at all costs. 
14547 Amazing deal $54 a nyt , worth every bit of it. 
14548 Very nice staff, perfect position,clean. Little bit expensive for a 2 stars standard ,but if you wanna see more things possible is the best place to stay. just few step to time square. They don't accept the visa electron. 
14549 It was great! The hotel was very nice & the people were very helpful! 
14550 Situation de l'hotel super. a 2 pas de times square ! un peu bruyant, chambre pas super propres mais passable. personnel gentil et relativement disponible. pas cher du tout pour times square. 
14551 Great stay at a very good hotel, the staff were excellent, all very friendly and helpful and made some excellent suggestions. Great location, clean rooms, finished to a high spec even if a tad small with little room for storage. 
14552 Stay as long as you possibly can. Extend you stay if you can. 
14553 Great hotel, amazing service. Johanna from Guest Relations was exceptional! Her friendliness and anticipation to our needs is unmatched. I also want to thank our cleaning lady and the entire staff. We'll be back! 
14554 Perfect location for travel around NYC! Staff extremely friendly, polite and helpful. Rooms are immaculate! I brought a group here for 7 nights - spacious for everyone. Have been coming here for years and will continue to make this my first and only hotel in NYC! Great value! 
14555 while marked down in cleanliness, it is more of a reflection to the overall condition of the hotel. it is in need of some maintenance which will make it appear cleaner and will be crisper and more inviting. specifically common areas and elevator lobbies. 
14556 July 30 2010 we took our children to visit Time Squire, and we had stayed at The Time Hotel @ Time Squire, it was perfect spot. The service was excellent; employees were very pleasant and helpful. Our children and we had great weekend. 
14557 Nuestra habitacion estaba en el edificio con corredor interior, no en lo que parece motel...... la habitacion super amplia y muy limpia, la cama muy comoda. La ubicacion excelente. En general me volveria a quedar sin dudarlo.... pero tal vez las otras habitaciones no sean tan buenas. 
14558 Service was great at every level. The room was clean, smelled good, and was cleaned every time we returned. Access to Times Square and Broadway, perfect. Best was service and Shula's restaurant... 
14559 It doesn't get much better than this. 
14560 ideal location, first rate accommodations, incredibly friendly and professional staff. We've tried many other hotels in Manhattan, but always gravitate back to this one 
14561 our absolute favorite! 
14562 the room was all-new, super clean, and very comfortable. small-ish, but well laid out. the location is perfect with great restaurants, cafes, clubs, and shopping all right out the front door. the staff was so nice, welcoming, and helpful. and the price was very reasonable. i'd definitely stay there again. 
14563 Room heater would not shut off with thermastat. I had to turn off heater and open window to cool off room. Outside noise too loud to sleep. Mattress was unconfortable Room was clean but was not updated. 
14564 This a relatively small apartment block. Furnishings and fittings are ok if a bit dated, double glazing would be an advantage. Kitchen well stocked, breakfast items included. Staff welcoming and keen to assist. Good location. Overall good value for money. 
14565 great location, lovely rooms, great view, staff friendly and helpfull, i would love to go back asap!! 
14566 Great Location...close to everything. All the staff was really friendly and the room was comfortable as we did not spend much time there. I will definitely be going back! 
14567 There is nothing that negative that I could point out. This was by far the best hotel experience I've eve had. Great staff, great location and amazing room. 
14568 Very quiet area. Numerous restaurants close by. Very nice staff. The breakfast bar needed addtl items, not much of a selection. Overall, would stay here again. 
14569 clean, convenient, good value. rather no frills, but who goes to NY to spend time in a hotel room? very close to soho shops and restaurants. 
14570 Excellent service and everything you need in a room. It was our 25th wedding anniversary and we received wine and chocolates. 
14571 The room was small. The Bathroom was tiny. Who gave this hotel a 4 star rating? Very overated 
14572 Really great stay all round... Great room, great pool, great breakfasts at Normas really friendly and charming staff 
14573 This is a dump of a hotel and the elevator broke down the other night and a human being was on it. It is totally dangerous 
14574 stayed at this hotel in March it is in a fabulous location for all the sights, and was spotless staff were very helpful as my mother was with me in a wheelchair. For the price it was even better than some of the more expensive hotels. 
14575 Location location location! We stayed in a suite with a kitchen and pullout couch. Huge room at a good value for NYC! Store across the street, neighborhood was attractive and nice. Convenient walking distance to lots of attractions! Very pleased! 
14576 Sono stato al New Yorker durante la maratona 2012, stanza al 33 piabo, ampie e pulite, il bagno un po' piccolo ma x quello che ci si deve fare va bene, vista splendida ristorante hotel buono.posizione ottima x raggiungere qualsiasi posto.lo consiglio 
14577 Very friendly staff, especially the breakfast ladies. Good location if you want the bustle of the Times square Area. 
14578 This was another really great experience in New York staying in a super hotel right in the centre of it all. From the minute you enter the doors you are treated with friendly efficiency in a luxurious but relaxed atmosphere. Great value! 
14579 We had a two bedroom suite with an outside deck with limited but nice views from the 19th floor. Full compact kitchen, two baths, really nice older hotel. Lots of action by the lobby and out on the street. 
14580 Beautiful and cosy hotel. Spent 2 wonderful nights and what made me love it was the Bose CD player. Recommended stay.Try the capuccino at the bar in the lobby. 
14581 this is the nicest Hotel in Chicago another great W establishment. they really know how to treat a guest 
14582 Really good location, especially for everything we'd planned to do - sight seeing up and down town, shopping, times square, theatre and central park! Very clean room and common areas, and helpful staff. Didn't eat at the hotel so cannot comment on the food. 
14583 large hotel right next to convention center. Covered walkway on 2nd floor to convention center. Nice lounge and steakhouse on site. Pretty, uypdated hotel rooms. Nice bathroom. A little pricey but worth the location and convenience. Would definitely stay again. 
14584 Really good hotel, location, staff, food etc. Only concern i have is the ugly carpet on the floors outside hotelroom in doorhall, the rom is not luxury rooms, but they are ok. 
14585 The old Life Magazine building is spectacular, and gives charm to the hotel. The rooms are great, with comfortable beds. The only downside is lack of certain services, but sincve it is New York it doesn't matter since everything is within walking distance. 
14586 They're going through renovations so there are some basic issues that come with that. What I liked was the staff: the staff was great. That made up for some other challenges. 
14587 ShockIngly small room. Kind of like sleeping in a closet. However, super close to the Gershwin theater is you are going to see Wicked. Clean enough. Very loud- like the window is open due to window air conditioner. Rooftop has potential when it's done. 
14588 hotel confortable et chambre assez spacieuse mais parties communes et chambres tres vieillots, meriterait un bon rafraichissement, sinon bonne situation et piscine appreciable apres des heures de ballade dans manhattan 
14589 Excellent hotel for young people that need a good bed & shower in the end of a long day of walking in NYC endless streets. Great & Friendly stuff that helps in every way they can to make your staying as pleasent as possible. GO and make a RESERVATION !!!! 
14590 ottimo hotel, pulito, con una buona ed abbondante colazione. Situato in una posizione strategica e centralissima tra la fifth avenue e la broadway, a due passi da Times Square 
14591 Comodissima la fermata della metropolitana a 50 m. Hotel sicuramente da consigliare. 
14592 Albergo in ottima posizione sotto tutti i punti di vista.Da subito vieni sconvolto dalla struttura pazzesca,da fiaba, ci sono anche bar e negozio all'interno,pulizia buona e bei bagni.letti fantastici e vista grattacieli.Il massimo 
14593 The location is great but that's it. The rooms are filthy and very noisy 
14594 The food quality is poor. The staff is very rude and unprofessional. W hotels are usually good value and quality but not this one. 
14595 My mum and I stayed at the four point hotel and it was very nice, a central location, friendly staff, great rooms (especially the bathroom was very nice). Would definately go again. 
14596 Great location...decent but overpriced rooms. Checked in and was told one rate....got bill for TWICE as much. I would stay away from this place with more trustworthy choices nearby! 
14597 The hotel is located a 5 minute walk from Times Square. There's a pool and a small fitness room. There's no a/c and the windows in our room couldn't open, so it can be very hot! Our room was ok but worn down. 
14598 Very good price and comfortable room. The location is excellent, just some minutes walk from Times Square. The room was clean and the towels were changed everyday. 
14599 Check in was a minimum 30 minutes queue at all times of day and night. The room was tiny and old. The included breakfast was disgusting. The bathroom and shower was impossibly small. I defy anyone to get constant hot water out of the shower system. 
14600 We loved this hotel--a great room, a fabulous location ..all for a very great price. 
14601 Efficient check-in , nice valet staff, our go to hotel when staying in the upper eastside... 
14602 Muy buena atencion se habla espanol, esta cerca del Mall del Memorial hay areas cerca para hacer ejercicios al aire libre como el parque Nottingham, el Memorial Park y estrategicamente al lado de la Freeway I10 
14603 Spacious, clean and comfortable room. Internet access is essential for me , so when i ran into a glitch (twice!), I got immediate assistance in fixing my "operator error" problem. 
14604 The Iroquois is a true gem within the hustle and bustle of Manhattan. I was greeted with class from the manager Scott and treated with class by his team of professionals the entire weekend get away. If you're looking for a exclusive getaway in Manhattan, look no further!!! 
14605 Great location. Staff upgraded us to a very nice suite on 44 floor. Loved location for visit to NYC. Easy access to subways and walking distance from Times Square, Rock Center (a must to visit), and Central Park. Great experience. 
14606 The staff was terrific very helpfull, great location, comfortable clean room and inviting lobby. A real gem!! 
14607 They upgraded my room Staff was great Mandy and Bubbles were fantastic hosts Be back in jan I continue ti stay here because of the way they treat me Thus is my go to hotsl in Houston I have switched because of the teem here 
14608 A nice, cosy hotel. walking distance to city center. The beds are big and great! The bathrooms however are a bit small. 
14609 Had a wonderful stay. Everything was as I'd heard. Staff, room, entertainment were all excellent. Great location too. Will definitely be back. 
14610 Had a great stay at Yotel. Excellent hotel for a reasonable cost. Feels new, clean and welcoming. Cabins are surprisingly small but why spend that much time in the room anyway. A highly recommended hotel. 
14611 Stayed for 6 nights earlier this year on our first trip to the US. The Beacon was in a great location, close to subway, fairway market across the road was convenient and many restaurants in the neighbourhood. The room was clean, kitchenette handy and staff pleasant. Will return! 
14612 The room has good size, bathroom a little small, but well maintained and clean. The staff extremely kind. We payed a little more for a premium room located at 29th floor, very quiet. Don't hesitate to pay for a good Hotel like this. 
14613 Goed hotel, kleinschalig, gezellige luxe kamers, schoon en midden in het shopping district, links Madison Avenue, rechts 5th Avenue, 52th straat. Omgeving veel ontbijtmogelijkheden en restaurants op loopafstand. Metro dichtbij. Een aanrader! 
14614 Great place! Having a kitchen is convenient. The location is 
14615 Hotel was nice and room was very tiny and clean. No amenities like coffee or leg room etc.... Great for one person, two people is a crowd in queen size bed room size. We just made the best of it in the big apple. 
14616 Rooms are dated and tired. No charm. $14.10 per day for wifi. Good location, but I probably won't return. At these prices, this hotel offers poor value. Try one of the many newer properties in the area. 
14617 This hotel has superb service, great location and great personality. It has the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. Rick's cafe is excellent with very good continental breakfast, wine and audurbs in the evening, and free coffee lattes all day. 
14618 Great location with not so busy street compared to times square. Close to times square, macys, and 20 minute walk to central park. Right next to Grand central which is very convenient. Very clean and the Service is very good. 
14619 Do not consider the Hudson if you are over 20 years old and over four feet tall. Night vision would be useful - it's so dark. Oh, yes don't forget to bring your earplugs! 
14620 Everything was nice until I found a cockroach on the floor and the middle of the night. Also, we left a juice on the desk and when we went back there were a lots of ants ! 
14621 Personale tutto coreano ( l'Hotel e' in Korean Way )gentilissimo e disponibile. Albergo pulitissimo e centrale. Da famiglie 
14622 fantastic location, very closed to Times Square & Subway. We do not eat in the hotel. Starbucks & Deli open 24 hours on Broadway 100 mt away from Hotel. WIFI not expensive. Room quiet & clean 
14623 This hotel was clean and comfortable. It is close to the subway in a safe location and there is a cheap internet cafe near by. Expect a modestly sized room. 
14624 we loved it.... and would most definately stay there again. tThe location is great within working distance to, SOHO, NOHO , meat packing, finance district , lower east side, east village and Williamsburg... Would reccomend to rent bikes and explore the city - it was great... 
14625 It was a nice to stay n this place, It had everything I needed, specially the location I was looking for. I could rest most of the time and had a cozy time! 
14626 The hotel is very comfortable.The best part of the hotel is the gym because the hotel has a complmentary personal trainer.Sam is wonderful!He is very knowlegable kind and helpful.I will stay at the Westin River North again just because of Sam. 
14627 Everything was the way it should be.. perfect. Excellent location and comfort. Staff was very friendly. 
14628 We stayed two nights. The room was very comfortable and clean. The area is very touristy being right in time square. Very congested area 
14629 Left the hotel covered with bedbug bites after a weekend stay. Also, wasn't told when I made the reservation that my room was a 5th floor walk up!! Cannot get anyone from the hotel to return my calls. Absolutely dreadful experience --- beware! 
14630 We stayed in a corner suite which had more than adequate room. Front desk was very helpful. The free breakfast was great although 2 of the 3 mornings was rather crowded. Overall, really great place to stay in downtown Chicago especially for the price. 
14631 Had a small noisey room with a view of a roof covered with garbage Hotel could have been cleaner Short changed on towels as well 
14632 Travelled here with friends for Yankee game at Wrigley. Nice room, two doubles, very comfortable bedding and climate control. Location is great, two blocks to red line subway. Tons of stuff in walking distance. Lobby with bar very convenient for meeting friends. 
14633 The location is outstanding as is the service from everyone in the place. If you believe there are 200 better hotels in NYC I'll sell you some resort land in Florida. The wireless internet is spotty but everything else was perfect 
14634 Hotel encantador, algo caro pero bueno y gente amable, recomendable. 
14635 This hotel is convenient to Navy Pier where we were attending a conference. The hotel staff were friendly, attentive & accommodating. Our room was very clean with a spacious bathroom, fluffy towels and a comfortable bed. The floor we were on was very quiet. We would definitely stay here again. 
14636 Dark,dank, not kept up, tiny rooms, needs overhaul, 2 star at best, never return 
14637 It was decent for the price..Took awhile for the shower to heat up. But it was an alright place to stay. We stayed 2 nights and Im thinking about staying there again. 
14638 I had a nice 4-day stay here with my friends. Can't beat the location and price here. The staff is really helpful and friendly about everything. Only if the rooms are a little bigger... 
14639 I enjoyed my stay there, found the decor to be charming and elegant and my bed was comfortable. The bathroom was nice and roomy too. Further, I was well taken care of there and thought the shuttle service was very helpful and accommodating. 
14640 bastante malo el hotel sucio y un trato bastante malo solo es buena la ubicacion 
14641 Wir waren sehr zufrieden, da alles sauber und angenehm war. Etwas kleines Zimmer. Fruehstuecken war direkt in einem netten Lokal mit franz. Stil moeglich, dass durchs Hotel erreichbar war. In der Umgebung gute Restaurants. Mit der U-Bahn erreicht man recht gut alle sehenswuerdigkeiten. Gutes Preis/Leistungsverhaeltnis fuer N.Y. 
14642 This hotel was everything we wanted.A very central location,clean and spacious and friendly,helpful staff.The room decor was a bit dated but very clean and maid service with clean towels every day. 
14643 The staff was nice and tried to accomodate us, but the bottom line is that this place is a dump. The rooms are dingy. They use WAY too much scented air freshener or carpet fresh or something. We won't ever be staying there again for sure. 
14644 Abbiamo soggiornato presso questo hotel nel primi di dicembre vi comunico che la biancheria del bagno tante volte mancava bisogna richiederla e tante volte non la portano manca comunque accappatoio e ciabatte e la tv trasmette solo programmi americani nessun canale italiano. Io non alloggero' piu presso questo hotel!!! 
14645 Great Place to stay with kids... the swans, Indoor Pool and "Happy Hour" snack buffet were enjoyed by all. 
14646 We spent one night on Jan 7, 2012 before a cruise out of Galveston. Nice, large room, with separate sitting area, very clean. Great free breakfast consisting of waffles, eggs, toast, juice, coffee, ect. We will definitely stay here again. 
14647 Whenever I stay in the city for a night the Sofitel is my first stop. Why? It's clean and comfortable, and the staff is helpful and friendly. I always feel comfortable there. 
14648 My husband and I stayed one night in March in a junior corner suite. Great furnishings, beautiful decor, clean and quiet. Ca Va Braisserie was great for dinner. I recommend it. 
14649 This is the place for finest continental breakfast in the world. The Managers invite (6pm - 7 pm) is a unique experience which I have never seen in any of the restaurants in the world. 
14650 Not much to add to earlier reports. An excellent location, 5 minutes walk from Empire State Building and Grand Central Station. 10 minutes from Central Park. Clean, Tidy with efficient friendly staff. Only 1 drawback. no free internet access, only pay to use WI-FI 
14651 Excelent location. Plenty of restaurants nearby. Easy access to everywhere. All atractions in Manhattan within a walking distance, if you don't mind walking moderatelly. We use cabs only to get lower Manhattan or upper Manhattan above 70th street. Great spacious rooms, good beds. 
14652 hotel tres confortable et calme, bien qu'il se trouve au carrefour de Broadway! l'etage que nous occupions a ete entierement refait a neuf, excellente proprete. Restauration correcte. Proximite des lieux de visites et du shopping! je recommande...c'est mon 5eme voyage a NY! 
14653 hmm the check in process took abit longer than normal but all around was a good time i wish they had an indoor pool however it was a good time none the less so i would say to anyone looking this would be a good location 
14654 Little red beetles in the bed and big red welts on my body. In a suite now but very nervous. 
14655 I would stay here again in a heartbeat. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful and the rooms were just what you would need in NYC... great location, clean and efficient. 5min walk to Madison Square Garden and the center of Times Square. 
14656 Found the Hotel a real value for money with a very friendly staff & friendly service. Would surely stay there again as the rooms are are nice & clean and the location is very central. 
14657 We spent 3 nights at this hotel and I must say the service was excellent. The location was within walking distance to Rockefeller Center, Times Square, Shopping, Central Park and Grand Central Station. I would definately stay at this Marriott again. 
14658 Josianne Lubrun topped a wonderful visit to NYC when she was kind enough to look for an item I left behind and offered to have it shipped. The hotel room was clean, comfortable and in a terrific location. The stay was perfect. The price was right. A great find! 
14659 Great old style hotel. Lots of history. Gracious living 
14660 I usually stay here whenever I have an early flight out of Intercontinental Airport. The rooms are spacious, the beds are comfortable. The layout of the bathroom is "unique" and takes a little getting used to. Overall a great property with a nice staff! 
14661 Uitstekende prijs - kwaliteit verhouding voor New Yorkse begrippen. Inderdaad wat aan de kleine kant maar een uitstekend bed, goede douche, uiterst prettig personeel en verder alles binnen loopafstand van het hotel. 
14662 So bad I wanted to leave but was too tired. I travel a lot. I've stayed in some bad hotels but this was the worst. Don't stay here no matter how cheap the price. 
14663 My stay started with Eden, the concierge, welcoming me and providing an upgrade plus a welcome drink. It continued with outstanding service and quality throughout. I will definitely plan to stay here again when I visit Chicago! 
14664 This hotel is in a decent location. Tiny rooms. Worst elevator service I have ever seen. As previously mentioned, the hotel staff has to use the same elevators as everyone else. 32 floors and 2 elevators. I timed it and it took me 12 minutes to go downstairs! 
14665 Everyone was so helpful and friendly in such busy city. 
14666 Location is excellent, 10 mins from Times Square. Lovely free breakfast, lovely people, go to the roof terrace as you will see the Empire state building from a great view point. New York and hotel a must 
14667 Took a first date here. Not only was the service great but the food was delicious. First impressions go a long way. Definitely going back. 
14668 Our room was clean, and nicely appointed. Small, but to be expected given the location. VERY comfortable beds. Staff were friendly and responsive. 
14669 This hotel is very nice to come back to after walking and touring all day. The second floor gathering room is such a treat. I have stayed here before and I will stay here again. 
14670 My definition of luxury is when elegance is done simply. This hotel does this effortlessly 
14671 Great location. Rooms are the largest i found in that star rating. Excellent team. Especialy the concierge Juan Santamaria. He's the one that made the diferent between good and great. 
14672 Generally, I've found that US hotels aren't quite up to the standards that us Europeans are used to. This was a good hotel with friendly staff. Carpets needed renewing and bathrooms are small, but the hotel is generally good. Ideal location for exploring Midtown. 
14673 Hotel and room was very clean. All hotel staff was friendly. Would recommend it to anyone. The bar on the roof was beautiful and great atmosphere. Will definitely stay again. 
14674 Brilliant, wonderful, gorgeous. Don't know how much the other half paid for it though - bet it was a fortune. 
14675 Estuvimos en este hotel con mi esposo y mis tres hijas, son todos muy serviciales. El hotel esta muy bien ubicado, hay miles de negocios y lugares para comer en los alrededores. El desayuno ,muy bueno, y las chicas que atienden , divinas. Todo altamente recomendable. 
14676 Ogni volta che visito New York alloggio al chelsea star hotel.....su certe cose bisogna adattarsi ma lo ritengo ottimo....Posizione TOP!!! 
14677 The hotel itself was beautiful and very well maintained. The staff was helpful. The location was perfect, not far from time square and the shopping around it is great! Wouldn't stay anywhere else in the city! 
14678 Nice people, nice hotel, would stay there again, but I'd bring my earplugs for the early morning planes taking off close by. Very pleased overall with this LQ. 
14679 I would not stay again due to being biten alive by bed bugs. I thought it was fleas at first but i couldn't see anything so i knew it was bed bugs. I have only just come home so i just hope I havn't brought them with me. 
14680 The hotelroom was extremely clean. Great service and the staff was very friendly. We had nice view over Columbus park. We Highly recommend this hotel. 
14681 Beautiful pool, nice decor, wonderful bed. I have nothing but good things to say about the Room Mate Grace. 
14682 This New York hotel is the most disgusting, time waster experience. If you want to spend over 60 min. wating to get checked in, sleep on a bed that does not give any confort of clean and you like unsannitary smells this is the place. 
14683 We were treated like royalty!! Everyone was so kind to us. They could not do enough. Thank you so very much for our stay. we will be back!! Family from Florida. 
14684 What a wonderful boutique hotel! Excellent location, spacious rooms, feather-down beds/pillows, modern, clean, big & modern bathroom, cozy eclectic atmosphere, great staff, great service, A+ all the way. I can't stay anywhere else after this. I love this hotel. 
14685 Stayed here for 2 nights in a juinior suite One bedroom, sitting area,1 bath, 1/kitchen 2 televisions(one in bathroom) Bathroom was a bit small comfortable beds Very Good Service Nice Molton Brown ammenities in bathroom! Gym is ok they offer snacks and water Great Location for a hotel!! 
14686 Great value, great rooms, great location and friendly staff. Have stayed multiple times and will continue too each time I am in NYC. 
14687 Super localisation de l'hotel dans le coeur de manathan. A 5 minutes de tous les lieux les plus prestigieux. Hotel digne d'un palace 
14688 Quelques usures du temps cependant dans les chambres mais rien de grave. Super hotel au demeurant. 
14689 Very convenient location, clean rooms, comfortable beds. The lobby is large with low lighting and definitely a "happening" gathering place for locals after work but as soon as you're in the elevator you are in a quiet comfortable hotel. Helpful staff and knowledgeable concierge. Great place. 
14690 Park south is a fantastic hotel. Great double bed room, nice staff, breakfast included and subway just a few steps away. I'll stay again. 
14691 El hotel esta muy bien. Limpio, tranquilo, la situacion inmejorabe y el desayuno correcto. Sin lugar a dudas repetiria. 
14692 The minute you step in you understand that the staff is here for you to help you in any way. The welcome champagne was great. We came with a car and they kept an eye on it for an hour for free and the rooms are furnished beautifully 
14693 Stayed 10 days on business travel: Good access to transportation and restaurants; spacious and clean with the advantages of a small kitchen. It was basic: Mine had a rather loud window unit and a view of an alleyway. Staff was matter-of-fact but responsive. I would not hesitate to stay again. 
14694 I just got after staying in this hotel. It was clean, and modern and a great location for all attractions. The downside, the I had was on the small side 
14695 Noisy. No individual control of room temperature. No bathmats. $55.00 per day to park the car. Extremely slow elevator service. The staff was nice and the hotel was convenient but not worth the money. 
14696 Close to Hobby if that is your aim. Large rooms with great beds. Bathroom is so small that you have to close the door to use toilet. Strange since the rest of the room is spacious. Large desk and nice TV. 
14697 Please, try to avoid this horrible hotel. Elevators are a disaster, the staff is so rude and un polite. If you look for clearness don't look the floor of the bathroom after 2 days. I will never come back. Try New Yorker, is by far better than this "hotel" 
14698 Bien ubicado , limpio, tranquilo. lo tomamos luego de escapar del pensylvannia (de terror) si volviese a new york regresaria 
14699 Excellent location, clean, quite, intimate atmosphere, nice Irish touch, suuuper comfy bed... 
14700 I stayed there for a business trip and have nothing to complain about this hotel :-) I can only list positive things I noticed. The hotel is in walking distance to the Willowbrook mall, all kinds of restaurants and also to nice bars with live music. 
14701 Priceline brought me to this hotel at a great price. I was impressed upon entering the hotel and felt good after being checked in by Danny. The room was modern, clean, and quiet. 
14702 we stayed here during fashion week the hotel is clean in a good location and the rooms r ok would i stay here again i doubt it 
14703 I read the remarks. We stayed here and liked it a bunch. Nice boutique hotel with a nice staff. 
14704 We stayed overnight for a sightseeing trip to NYC. The hotel was okay, great location, good breakfast. Rooms were small and we had a problem with the toilet flush, which they dealt with soon. Overall its a decent hotel, good for a short stay! 
14705 L'hotel correspond a un 2-3 etoiles francais. Chambres tres petite (10m2), television cathodique des annees 90, propriete moyenne (couche de poussiere sur les meubles et dans les coins..). Nous avions une reservation pour 5 nuits, nous avons change d'hotel le lendemain... 
14706 Love this hotel! Very neat and clean. Comfortable bed. Beautifully decorated. Great location. Friendly staff. The price was unbeatable! But don't use the vallet parking if you have a vehicle because it costs just as much as a one night stay! 
14707 Private and surprisingly not too loud off an Avenue. - For a REAL New York stay away from the hustle and bustle of Time Square. Right down the street from the Subway. 
14708 Yotel is a very nice design hotel with great common space accomodations : terrace with 2 bars, big lounch, TV rooms etc with very friendly young people to serve the guests. Although I wasn't able to join the weekend brunch, it looked fantastic. 
14709 Great location, quiet hotel. Have stayed here twice and the hotel is wonderful. Very reasonably priced. I have been upgraded both times, one times into a huge suite with a piano. Made a reservation online at spg.com just 15 mins before I arrived and they had upgraded room all ready. 
14710 The hotel is good for a night out in the city. Great location and overall good service. A few issues but it would be the same with any hotel like this. 
14711 Wlan nur sehr unzuverlaessig, sehr kleines Zimmer (Kein Schrank!), leider relativ laut wg, Eiswuerfelautomat nebenan... ABER die Lage (Subway vor der Tuer, Macys und Manhatten Mall in Sichtweite, nur eine Minute zur 5th Avenue) unschlagbar, Sauberkeit war gut, Service auch, Fruehstuecksmoeglichkeiten in der Naehe 
14712 Posizione splendida, a due passi dal fiume Hudson e il Central Park, vicino al Museum Miles e al Lincoln Center. Camere spaziose e arredate con gusto, letti ampi e comodissimi, personale gentile, ma discreto. Molto confortevole, insomma, e, cosa che non guasta, in una strada abbastanza tranquilla. 
14713 We have stayed here before. The staff were much friendlier this time and the breakfast being included is convenient. 
14714 Excellent treatment platinum club room was awesome. Rooms clean great location. Would stay again 
14715 Good part: Excellent service and good location. Very clean rooms and nice bubble Bad part: very small rooms and much too noisy during the night (from outside) Our room was located on the front of the hotel. 
14716 Booked room 2308 - very spacious... Staff was excellent, room was comfortable, nice quiet room... Speedy room service next morning for breakfast -- fast friendly service... Niles Pub was excellent - friendly helpful staff... Would love to stay @ hotel again! 
14717 Clean room. Large for NYC. Nice service overall. Breakfast at club lounge pretty good. Location amazing. 
14718 We needed transportation back to the hotel after the ballet and the best the hotel could do is a car for a minimum 2.5 hours at $95/hour. After paying $1200 for a suite, I thought they could have done better. 
14719 We visit NYC 3 to 4 times a year (our grandchildren live in Greenwich Village. The Shelburne is comfortable and accomodating with a staff and management that stands on their heads to make our stay more than comfortable. 
14720 son apartamentos equipados, nosotros teniamos la suite por lo que era una habitacion enoorme, sencilla pero con todo lo necesario tiene su encanto....recomendable en una ciudad muuy cara! muuy buena ubicacion 
14721 Stayed one night at this location, great service and good rooms. Customer service is excellent, I would highly recommend this location to any person travelling for work for pleasure. Good central location access to all required amenities, and transport. 
14722 this hotel is good. good location. good service. good clean rooms. good bed.good staff good everything. Nothing bad. Nothing out of this world. I would stay here anytime again. everything about it is good. that all i can say. 
14723 hotel spartano, camere piccole per lo standard americano, prima colazione povera e carissima. Unico vantaggio: la ubicazione 
14724 Very friendly and professional staff, rooms are clean and well maintained. Location is perfect for midtown/uptown attractions. We've stayed here before and will come back again- very good value. 
14725 The hotel is very clean and the staff is very nice but nothing very special to point out of the hotel. However, it is in the heart of times square and broadway, so all that is to do is within walking distance. 
14726 New York is a GREAT city and the Empire Hotel made my stay everything that I hoped it would be. New York is fabulous and so are all the staff at the Empire Hotel. 
14727 staff that couldnt care less, trainstation ambience, crumbeling rooms with old torn carpets, cracked flaking tub, etc. no bedbugs and the room was at least clean. bag service is 4$ per bag. dont go there 
14728 My family stayed here to attend my graduation. We were 10 minutes late checking out and were charged a $115 dollar fee that the Manager refused to take off. Really poor way to treat the guest. 
14729 Just one minute from Times Square. Plenty of places to eat nearby. The staff were extremely helpful and polite. I would certainly recommend this hotel and stay in it again on my next trip to Mew York. 
14730 Hotel is very nice. Clean and comfy. Staff is there to take care of us and make sure we have everything we need. Perfect location. 
14731 We stayed at this gotel for 8 nights. Very well located if you want transportation to explore Manhattan and Brooklin (great subway hub). I got a bigger room, that was pricy but worth it. Comfortable, clean and trendy place. 
14732 Clean and comfortable. Great for a little weekend stay. Had to get use to the communal bathrooms, but they were kept clean at all times. Definitely a place I'll revisit! 
14733 Hotel staff was very helpful at all times, great location. Rooms was cleaned every day with fresh towels.. Would recommend and stay here again. 
14734 Great location, close to several different resturants for a night on the town. House keeping was very nice and helpful. My and family and I will be back. I highly recommend anyone to stay a quiet,cozy place. - L.Flores 
14735 La posizione e' davvero strategica, di fronte ml MSG, a due passi da time square e con molte linee metro vicine. La struttura e' vecchia e poco confortevole, pero' i servizi peincipali non mancano ed e' molto economico. 
14736 this hotel is at a very convenience location. it is close to Subway and all tourist attractions. the hotel staff is very friendly and helpful. I arrived two days late due to Hurricane Irene. they were able to amend the hotel booking for me to accommodate the change. 
14737 I stayed for one night. I loved this hotel. The ambience is great. And I have to say, the front desk person, Patrick, was totally cool, wonderful and caring. 
14738 First time in NY and I loved it. Great hotel with excellent service on all levels. Special thanks to Marco, concierge, who helped us with the best advices of restaurants and clubs in NY. We will defenitly come back!!! 
14739 This is one of our go-to hotels for downtown Chicago. The atmosphere is serene and the location is great for many downtown attractions, including a wide variety of outstanding dining. The rooms are not large by US standards, but are very comfortable and nicely decorated. 
14740 Pretty cool place....staff nice and helpful, clean room. Small but hey...thats NYC. Would stay there again. 
14741 Courteous and extremely helpful personnel and special mention to Rose Jean Bulong, Guest Service Agent. Her assistance made our stay in New York most enjoyable. 
14742 First room was tiny, musty, bathroom had mould, when I complained I was offered another room at double the cost. Very disappointing experience. 
14743 Rude and unfriendly staff, my room was only cleaned once in a whole week. Microscopic rooms, no mini bars, old smelly AC. It is really overpriced comparing to other offers. 
14744 The Hotel is close to Galleria (15min afoot). The swimming pool is nice. About the room, it is very big! And so comfortable. AC automatic. Full kitchen. It was a pleasure. There is also a parking behind the hotel. Very practical! 
14745 Well located hotel - price reasonable - staff helpful - happy to recommend this hotel 
14746 w lakeshore is in an excellent location.... the restaurant is very good, with excellent service. the rooms are pretty basic, but we only used the rooms for sleeping as we were exploring the city at all other times. Also would like to mention the staff was very friendly. 
14747 Just in the southern mix of Times Square, you are home. Great Service, Rates and Nice rooms but no space for extra bed, Only 1 Queen bed. We loved the friendly atmosphere with home like amenities. Thank you for a great stay. 
14748 Spent two nights here. Clean and quiet room in a fantastic location. Just a block off Michigan Avenue and the park. Walking distance to the museum complex, Millennium Park, and the L. Booked through a third party and got a great price. Would stay here again. 
14749 I've stayed at the Waldord a number of times, but now old has gone from acceptably elegant to simply shabby. Aircon on high floors can't keep up with the heat, i couldn't get it cooler than 24c/75f in the room, indifferent restaurant service, though roomservice remaina excellent. 
14750 This hotel is very good. Stay for a week. Forgot my money bag which I left under pillow. Call security and they put it away for me straight away. So very happy or else it would be no money. 
14751 Stayed for five days and nights. Great mid town location close to Grand Central. Rooms were ok, hotel overall quite small and business like 
14752 Staff were not over friendly and very straight to the point. Served its purpose but would stay elsewhere if we were to visit New York again. 
14753 Half block from 81 St subway stop, quiet residential neighborhood, nothing fancy - like an older European hotel, very friendly staff. Would definitely stay again. 
14754 great place to stay would defiantly go back 
14755 The location was excellent, central to both theaters and subway transportation. Hotel was quiet, clean, and the staff was friendly and quite helpful. Have been to NYC often, this was the best of all hotel e periences. 
14756 Th room is huge! I had a BIG living room, bathroom, wet bar and big bedroom. Free breakfast and free drinks and snacks fron 5:30pm to 7:30pm every night. Great location too!!! I won' stay anywhere else! 
14757 this NYMA really has problem, my friends check in by used their VISA card n when they back to their country, the bank statement shown some online shopping transaction records. My friends never shop anything online in the States. So everyone, be careful!! 
14758 We were upgraded to a suite (Priority Club Members). The bed was so comfortable. Views were great. Will return. 
14759 I stay at the comfort suites 4-5 mights a month and am very pleased with the service and amentities for a business grade hotel. There are 3-4 restaurants within walking distance, as well as a number of stores. 
14760 Goede lokatie, tamelijk centraal (union sq en Times sq op redelijke afstand), metro's dicht in de buurt, schoon, bad- en slaapkamer prima onderhouden.Ontbijt perfect, voor elk wat wils. Leuk dat er gratis internet en wi-fi is. Goede, nette, vriendelijke service. 
14761 This hotel is nicely located not far away from Soho and the Meatpacking district. The rooms were small but ok, the airconditioning is very loud and you an't do anything about it, even though the breakfast is included, I would have it somewhere else.... 
14762 We stayed at the St. Regis NYC during fashion week and had an incredible stay. Our room was huge, and it was decorated so regally. The staff was polite, and helpful, the breakfast was delicious. Definitely returning! 
14763 Had a great stay! Would stay again. This is at least a 4 star hotel! 
14764 We returned to this hotel again this year. Everything was just as nice and easy as last year. Love the location. Easy walk to everything. We were very happy! Breakfast (complimentary) is an especially good deal! 
14765 We've stayed at the Whitehall many times and this is a great hotel - rooms are always well-appointed and the location in between Rush Street and Michigan Avenue can't be beat. The sausage-grape pizza in the restaurant is fantastic. 
14766 Stayed 4 nights at this hotel.Lovely room,spotless beds and sheets.Room clean and tidy.Towels changed daily.Free WIFI.Reception staff very friendly and helpful.Free breakfast.What more can you want.Lifts a little slow,only two in hotel.Good spot for sightseeing.Would recommend this hotel for price and good base,for short visits. 
14767 Simply the best! We stayed in a Deluxe Suite and everything was on the top level. 
14768 NYC my heart is still with you! This hotel was the best location to simply everything. The Empire State was our view! Macy's and Herald Square was our first and last stops of the day. Ground transportation at your call anytime. Friendly staff and genuinely so! Good value for NYC! 
14769 A busy, busy spring weekend was well-handled by an exceptional staff -- especially Michael who just naturally goes the extra mile! The locale and price are great, but it's the folks on the front lines who make all the difference. 
14770 Overall my stay at the W Chicago City Center was superb. Especially Eden Bernal, TK, Laurelin, Vanessa at the Concierge Department and Fatima/Front Desk and FO and IPO Restaurant staff who assisted me during my stay. 
14771 Ottimo hotel situato sulla 48ma strada a due passi da Times Square. Albergo con camere ampie e pulite molto frequentato durante tutto l'anno. Staff utile e cortese, lo consiglio assolutamente per prezzo conveniente e posizione meravigliosa. 
14772 Elegant is the best way to describe our weekend stay. From the staff to the beautifully furnished rooms to the superb restaurant, everything is five star. Definitely the place to stay in Houston. 
14773 Tolles Hotel am Central Park, welches wir schon zum zweiten Mal zu unserer vollsten Zufriedenheit bewohnten. Der kostenlose Umzug von der 10.ten Etage in die 20.ste war KEIN Problem !!!! Hier oben ist die Aussicht einfach besser ;-) 
14774 Grand foyer....fit for royalty! Amazing location, pretty close to grand central station, time square, nbc and 5th avenue. Concierge and staff were friendly without being "in your face". My only gripe: room was a little cramped. 
14775 In der Lobby war alles noch gut... die Zimmer, etc. waren jedoch nicht wirklich angenehm.... 
14776 I was impressed by the quality of this hotel - from check in to check out, everything was fantastic. My room was above expectations and large compared to a typical W room. The location is hard to beat, you are just steps away from the heart of it all. 
14777 e' mai possibile che nessuno si sia accorto che le stanze sono rumorosissime a causa della miriade di condizionatori sulla facciata, (interna)tutti accesi giorno e notte, per non parlare del turbo reattore all'interno della stessa. 
14778 We chose this property for its central location and the heavenly beds. The room & bathroom were both very small, but clean. We had a few problems with the internet connection, but overall had a good stay. 
14779 rooms were very modern and clean--we stayed in a studio so we had lots of space. Staff were friendly and helpfull. Would stay there again. Free bkfst was not part of our price...which i think should be included no matter what. 
14780 Found hotel by accident on the internet. Good size room for the price. Love the staff and the location. Would definitely stay there again. 
14781 The Starwood chain is nuts to rank this as a 4 star hotel. The room was visibly dirty - a large water stain on the ceiling, mold in the bathroom, and the mattress was visibly concave. I would NEVER stay here or suggest it to anyone. 
14782 Not much to complain apart that the launge starts working a bit too late in the morning. Staff were great. 
14783 We found the rooms to be large and clean, and the front desk was very nice and helpful.. The location was ideal for our stay in Houston, easy to get to all attractions. 
14784 Ottimo hotel in posizione che piu centrale nn c'e'..... su time square! tutto ottimo prezzo nella media per la categoria lusso, max professionalita', manca solo il bidet... e forse aria condizionata troppo alta. Da consigliare! 
14785 Ever since my first stay at Best Western River North, I have found this hotel to be a great stay and it is my first choice whenever I travel to Chicago! I have recommended this hotel to all my friends and family. 
14786 This Hotel is superbly located and of a good standard. The desk staff were excellent ( ask for a room overlooking The Empire State building). The rooms are not huge but adequate. The Diner at the Hotel is very good. 
14787 Spent three days in NYC ( October 21-24 ) at the Candlewood Suites. It is a great property- new, modern and meticiously clean. Staff is outstanding. Location is great- West 39th Street- just a short walk from everything. A first class trip and stay- Thanks Candlewood. 
14788 Beautifully decorated room, lovely lobby, not a bad location. The bartender stayed late to serve us our free drinks on a Saturday night and everyone was so friendly & helpful. 
14789 This is a nice looking Hotel and Bar on the outside buy the parking is pandemonium! 
14790 Camera piccola ma accogliente e pulita. Hotel situato di fronte all'Empire State Building (che si vedeva dalla finestra). Ci ritornerei! 
14791 We spent one night at the Red Roof Inn during our last layover. Hotel Shuttle was right there to pick us up, hotel is clean, nice room, staff were helpful. No complaints. Good for a layover. 
14792 We thing that your food was to exspencive on the hotel, to many cakes in the morning. when we order from the menucard the menu was soo small. But we can say that is not the last time in your Yotel. Best reguards Mads and Carina 
14793 Loved my stay at Hotel 17. I spent 5 nights there and will def be going back. Gr8 price,spotless,friendly staff, safe location and within walking distance from all the city has to offer. 
14794 We were lavished with champagne and chocolate srawberries on our honeymoon. Our suite was also upgraded. This did not happen in any other hotel we visited. 
14795 The staff was there for us at every turn. We got off to a great start every morning with the breakfast bar, which was well maintained! The helpers at the trip desk was wonderful, tickets for shows and great advice. 
14796 This hotel is in a great location for visiting NYC. Got a atrium room, which has a Mac computer in the room. Great idea. The lounge was decent, some times very busy. There is a Shula's steak house in the hotel, which is yums. 
14797 We also had read horrid reviews about this place and couldn't cancel as Spring break meant all the room in NY were booked. But all in all, clean, friendly staff, and good value for money. For the price, I would stay there again, espeically once the rennovations are complete. 
14798 Very near to Michigan Avenue, river and resturants.nice view and lobby with all services in the hotel. Net is not free and they were planning to charge me for a shipping that I received by DHL. Avenue restaurant is excellent and offer delicious salad and excellent packages 
14799 Great hotel with all the amenities a normal person would need. Free wifi is great! Location is everything. 
14800 Stayed here Saturday night. It's a small & cramped hotel to move around with a toddler's stroller for sure. Their lifts must be THE slowest in NYC....period! Decent Hilton property, but not worth the $240 tag. Good location on Stone Street. 
14801 This was a new find for us! The location was fabulous! Very clean, size of room was good (considering you r in NYC) alittle funky in its decor and very dark, but it really was fun! We would definitely stay there again! 
14802 This hotel was beautiful and we would love to go back. It was very clean and conveniently located to a lot of NY attractions. The staff was also very sweet, helpful and accommodating 
14803 Words cannot describe my stay. Very friendly and helpful staff. Room was very clean. An overall great experience. We will be sure to come back. 
14804 I couldn't be happier with my stay here. The location is about as good as you are going to get. The room is small (but all are in the city) but very clean. The staff it's great as well. For the price I'd keep coming back to the Edison! 
14805 If you are handicapped, don't stay here. No valet parking, long walk to park, very dis-couraging. Nice view of the city, I enjoyed the food. Small Rooms need updating, dusty room, the most I have ever seen in a hotel, ever. I will look elsewhere when returning to Chicago. 
14806 Disappointed they chose to charge us nearly $2.00t o make free calls using a USA phone card, no other hotel we stayed in in the USA did this. 
14807 We enjoyed our stay at this hotel. I got a great rate on priceline. My only complaint is that the rooms were on the small side but very nice. Rare downstairs has great burgers. We will be staying here again soon! 
14808 Good location, good stay, good service. I would recommend this hotel. Do not expect any frills but the place is clean. Free internet was a plus! 
14809 We stayed at the Loews Regency for a girlfriend reunion. Outstanding value for a clean, spacious king suite that had a small kitchenette and plenty of room to spread out and chat. 
14810 Stayed for a few nights. Hotel was quiet, staff was great. Rooms have had some renovation. Rooms have full size kitchens which is very convenient. If you are looking to stay in this area, I recommend this hotel. 
14811 Super Clean, decent security, close to action, friendly staff. Was there for St.Patricks Day weekend, hotel was at maximum capacity and other than elevators were too slow; overall it was excellent, the rooms were good size as well and very clean. I plan on going back here on future overnights. 
14812 Stayed for a Pitbull concert at roseland ballroom. Very convenient location. As a gold member got upgraded to a suite even though they were sold out! Great place would definitely stay again. The night shift front desk was great! Alex was extremely friendly and helpful! 
14813 I had read good reviews on tripadvisor and was not disappointed: easy to find, conveniently situated and above all extremely friendly management who make you feel at home the moment you arrive. In this category, I would strongly recommend Scottish Inn & Suites Reliant Park. 
14814 Stayed at the Lexington recently and was satisfied with the room. A modest sized room, with not much of a view. Room was clean but bathtub was a little dusty. Room was without water boiler which was quite a downer. Overall friendly staff and great location! 
14815 We have stayed at the Hyatt Regency many times both for business and pleasure. It is the best of the Houston hotels. The customer service is exceptional!!!! The food and rooms are great. Beautiful when you walk in as well. 
14816 I work right around the corner, and love having a membership at the hotel Fitness Center. It has an amazing Italianate style swimming pool, running machines, free weights, sauna, etc. The entire staff is great, Robert has been especially helpful! Thank you! 
14817 The lobby gives a false security--once we got to our room we saw the real hotel. Mold in the bathroom, drips, missing tiles, peeling wallpaper, etc. The ice machine in the hall didn't work and there was crumbling cement around the bottom. 
14818 The staff was very friendly. The location is perfect too. Its right beside Madison Square Park. The bed was amazingly comfortable too. 
14819 Stayed 2 nights. Clean and comfortable. More modern furnishings than other Hampton Inns. Off the highway enough so not much noise. Staff friendly. 
14820 A good hotel is very important when visiting a busy city like NY. We really enjoyed our stay in the Belvedere. Nice location and very nice rooms. If you want to stay in a nice and friendly hotel you really don't want to miss this one. 
14821 Hotel staff is excellent Managers reception is great and complimentary my husband and I really enjoyed our stay at this location Amy ,Daniel and Teri are great they were always makig sure we had everyhting we needed during our stay we will deffinetly be back. 
14822 I stated here for 2 weeks last week and had a great experience , great location and safe place and ultimately was very clean ! 
14823 My stay here was an unfortunate start to my family cruise vacation. Poor service, dirty rooms, especially the bathrooms! And overall poor experience! 
14824 The hotel is ideal as you are right in the center of broadway, close to all the plays and transportation is not far away. 
14825 I travel frequently and was very disappointed in this hotel. The hotel is badly need of remodeling. I had requested a non-smoking room and when I checked in all they had were smoking rooms. 
14826 Had a great week at the Comfort Inn Manhattan. Breakfast was a bit disappointing and there was a lack of space to sit but it was free! The restaurant was good value in the evening though. Matthew the Bellboy was very helpful! 
14827 Not the best hotel I have stayed in when visiting NYC. Everything in the rooms and in the corridors looked very old and tired. Some of the fittings in the room were broken and light cables loose. Location is close to Times Square so well placed to see the sights. 
14828 Me and my girlfriend stayed at Affinia Dumont for 8 nights and we liked the hotel alot. Our room had a nice kingsize bed and above all it had av kitchen. Nice room, good location and great value for money. 
14829 Hotel was in great location with access to tons of shopping and restaurants. Raquel was EXTREMELY helpful and very friendly. Wonderful view of Times Square. Only issue was bathroom as shower smelled like mildew - Raquel worked with housekeeping and they replaced it. 
14830 The hotel is excellent. Location is fantastic (just off Times Square). Rooms are large and elegant and beds are very comfortable. The atmosphere is very cozy, the hotel has definitely great charme also because it is not a very large one. Service is impeccable. Pity that rates are so high! 
14831 Stayed just for one night, on the way home from New York. The room was very trendy, lovely bathroom. Staff were great. The only fault was the smell from the food stands on the street. Would recommend it though. 
14832 Ho soggiornato qui per tre notti e devo dire che sono stata bene. Le camere davvero ampie e confortevoli (considerando quanto sono piccole in genere quelle degli alberghi a nyc) con una vista strepitosa sul fiume. Unico difetto: un po' distante dal cuore di Manhattan. Occorre sempre spostarsi in taxi. 
14833 Fashion 26 was a great surprise with larger than usual rooms for New York, fabulous amenities and excellent service. I'd stay again in a heartbeat! 
14834 It was a very good location in near of madison square garden and other sightseeing attractions... we had all a good time in this hotel! Thanks a lot to the very friendly staff! 
14835 This hotel was in a good location by Grand Central Station. The staff were helpful and courteous. It is not luxury and has no frills. It is good quality basic accommodation. Could do better with cleaning and upgrading bathrooms. 
14836 Great room for the money! Staff greeted us by name! Great view and will definitly be back... 
14837 My wife and I stayed here in November 2011 for a week visiting NYC. Great location, great staff and very comfortable rooms. There's a restaurant next door great for breakfast. Walking distance to Times Square and Broadway districts. We would definitely recommend this place to family and friends. 
14838 I've stayed at the towers several times, it's always nice to be back. Great service and rooms, a private feeling. Excellent old world class. 
14839 Public is a very good hotel, very trendy and great location. The only problem is that at least in my case, i could listen my neighbor's conversation, sneezing and all sort of personal noises, conversations etc. Not a great experience for me ar least..... 
14840 Nice but my room smelled of smoke Very hip, terribly trendy but each room has white noise knob to inhibit the bar noise! The rooms are fime not huge. Its clean well appointed and good lobby. I never did get my goldfish....... 
14841 I travel to Houston often for business and this spot was a pleasant surprise. Hot coffee waiting in the lobby every morning...great staff...and just about every amenity one could ask for. The rooms even have balconies for coffee and a quiet morning newspaper read...I will be back! 
14842 Great value for money. Location was close enough to the centre to do everything we wanted. Staff friendly and helpful. Rooms small but clean and considering we spent most of the time out and about it suited us perfectly. 
14843 Good location for any event at Madison Square Garden. Hotel was clean but lobby is very small. Nice rooms complete with microwaves and refrigerators. 
14844 This place would be great if you were a back packer, however as an non backpacker the rooms were a little small and sharing a bathroom (4 small cubicles for the entire floor), although didnt cause too many problems, did get very old, very quickly 
14845 This hotel is unbeatable - service is great - rooms are always nice - plus it is quiet 
14846 stayed for the weekend and it was excellent, fantastic location, friendly staff, great rooms no complaints. stayed at hotel pennsylvannia over easter and hated it this hotel is only next door but is in a completly different class. would reccomend to anyone. 
14847 My stay at other Embassy Suits was juast as nice however the breakfeast buffet was not available to guest. The spread of food just was not up to par. The beds and rooms were very comfortable, 
14848 The staff was very friendly and check in went smoothly 
14849 Couldn't ask for a nicer hotel and location. For Midtown NYC exceptionally quiet and very convenient to Times Square, 5th Ave, Central Park... Staff always answered questions and had a smile. 
14850 Top notch service from curb side to room service. Elizabeth (check-in) was pleasant and went over the top to accommodate us. My birthday in NYC was unexpectedly elevated by the level of service at Park Central Hotel. 
14851 Amazing service from the Reception staff and Concierge, really helpful tips to help narrow down so many choices! Room was lovely and clean, perfect location. 
14852 We went there for an afternoon snack and we ended up staying almost 3 hours. The view is amazing, the staff is great and the food is delicious. The burger is to die for. I recommend this place for a peaceful break. 
14853 Stayed there in nov 2009, great time to be in NYC and realy one of the best hotels I ever staid in. 
14854 It's a boutique hotel with only a handful of rooms on each floor and really quiet. Has an amazing shower in the bathroom and all the amenities at an Andaz. Location is great, you can walk to most places except soho and the village. So much better than the W 
14855 unbelievable design, friendliness in every department, great music atmosphere (no muzak nonsense), small but perfectly accommodating rooms full of brilliant details, free wi-fi... almost too good to be true; 
14856 We have stayed here many times & will continue to go back. The location (30th @ Madison) is excellent & just steps from a vibrant neighborhood with lots to do. The pricing is excellent in comparison to other midtown locations. The entire property is very, very clean! 
14857 The sheets (hair on them) and floors were dirty. There were no hand towels or wash cloths. 
14858 We stayed at the Salisbury in February 2011. Got a great deal on Travel Zoo. It was clean, close and breakfast was included. There was $25 parking for 24 hours nearby. 
14859 a must to eat in Maialino Restaurant for dinner, be with friends in the Rose Bar, have brunch at the terrace restaurant and have the best sleep in that hotel bed...all heaven.... 
14860 I checked in around 7:00 PM ... a warm greeting, fast check in. fabulous room.. free Internet. Met friends in the bar for a drink.. again.. fabulous staff and an excellent "old fashioned" Check out was flawless.. Can't ask for anything more 
14861 Clean rooms, good breakfast, the service works. Excellent location. I recommend 
14862 My son and I spent 4 days in NYC during a recent visit and we thought this hotel was great. Very central to everything and the room was clean and comfortable and the employees were very friendly. 
14863 Great service started the minute we arrived from teh front desk to the concierge to the room service 
14864 Absolutely beautiful bar and well worth a visit if you're in the West Village. High ceilings, gorgeous open fire and great drinks!! Cosy and old worldly feel. Friendly staff and not too busy! Worth a visit if your in the area and want a break from the madness! 
14865 If you want to stay in a 1960s motel then Ohio House is for you. Reasonable rates for an expensive city. Central downtown location, tho some might find corner location noisy. Clean rooms. Comfortable beds. Breakfast not included. Poor wifi. Friendly and helpful staff. 
14866 the room was quiet. The bed was comfy. Staff was nice. Starbucks in the lobby. Parking is $57 a day. The pool was cool but had to pay extra. Overall a nice stay at a nice location, 
14867 We liked this hotel a lot very convenient to Grand Central. Great lobby. Great staff. Big room by NYC standards! Food in 525LEX Restaurant was good but pricey like most hotels. Convenient on a rainy night with baby. No complaints. Would love to stay again! 
14868 I was also worried reading negatives reviews after I had already book two rooms via priceline at 230$ a room. Our stay was perfect,the location is great, the hotel is nicely renovated, and the beds are very comfortable. The staff was always friendly and helpful. I would return anytime. 
14869 Stayed in concierge level and enjoyed the snacks and water. Room nice with ok view. Remodeling driveway so in/ out with car was a little tricky. Left my kindle in room safe and fed exes it time for no charge. 
14870 A wonderful stay! Hotel employees made us feel so welcomed. Kevin the concierge was extremely helped and full of personality. In room dining was quick and efficient including great food. A++. 
14871 We stayed on executive level, Floor 13, as a Gold Hilton Honors member; view was beautiful. Staff was courteous, helpful, and friendly. Promenade restaurant had limited menu items but waiter was engaging. Would definitely stay here again!! Balconies are narrow with no seating-didnt matter to us though! 
14872 Het hotel is super goed gelegen, veel bezienswaardigheden op loopafstand, kamers zijn schoon en bedden oke. Wij zijn in de buurt van het hotel of oon route gaan eten.In de omgeving van het hotel zijn veel goede restaurantjes 
14873 The best hotel I've ever stayed in upper east side.The best staff ever. 
14874 Convinient location to subway station 51st street station; glamour style of the lobby and room decoration; free wifi available in the lobby area. If they can have in-room wifi and swimming pool, I will give them a better rating! 
14875 Have stayed here several times when in NYC. Decent location, rooms are good, front desk is typically quite responsive and friendly. Downstairs currently being renovated. Food in hallway bar area was good. 
14876 We had a great time staying here. We love NYC and this was exciting to stay in its heart. On our last day we had a late flight and the hotel was very professional with keeping our luggage safe until late that evening when we left for the airport. 
14877 Veronica is awesome in making group arrangment successful - we have used this location many times and haven't considered another in years... Thanks Veronica and please pass on thanks to your staff - especially Front Desk and meals !! 
14878 The location is great - walking distance to major sites, bus stops and train station right there, many restaurants around....the staff was SO nice - friendly and always willing to help...overall great place for the price! 
14879 The middle of Times Square. I have noisy voice will be heard in the city till late at night, may be able to realize that I've come to NY. The restaurant in the hotel, but gave only buffet breakfast, great service. There is a good time in NY. 
14880 Die Ambiente und Lage des Hotels sind sehr gut und angenehm und vermittlen ein typisches "New York feeling". Blick aus dem Fenster in den Innenhof auf den Empire Statebuilding mit klassischer New York Kulisse! 
14881 Erg mooi en gezellig hotel vlakbij het centrum van New York. Je bent binnen wandelafstand van Times Square, Broadway ... 
14882 Near downtown, near subway and inside Korea Town!!! If you enjoy korean food like me and my family, you need to stay in Red Roof! Bbq, noodles, home made, supermarket, everything near the hotel. Ice cream and korean style bakery!!! 
14883 This holiday Inn is in a great central location, near a subway, Central Park and main shopping areas as well as some good eating places. The breakfast here is very good value and huge portions 
14884 Siamo stati benissimo. Ci hanno aiutati molto a seguito di un disguido e poi la camera era molto grande, silenziosa, confortevole e con un enorme schermo TV. Bagno grande e pulito, il tutto a un prezzo ottimo. Lo consiglio 
14885 Benny provided excellent restaurant service. Overall service very very good. Hotel rooms spacious; rates competitive. 
14886 located near Times square, very convenient and rather quiet. avoid room at the rear of hotel, overlooking an inner courtyard because of lack of natural light and very warm, without air conditioning. Otherwise to recommend 
14887 We check in and check right out, after looking at two different room, the hotel sucks dirty carpet, 1970's furniture not a fresh smell, need too be remodel!!!. The front desk clerk said too me always check the rating most time tells the truth.The hotel is in a great location. 
14888 If your stuck on a lay over in Houston stay someone else!! The rooms are dirty, needs updating and bug infested. The food is just off and on the verge of going bad. We got sick!! There is a reason the rooms are so darn cheap!! Stay somewhere else!! 
14889 Los departamentos son muy comodos. Estan muy bien ubicados y buen servicio. muy recomendable. 
14890 Room was okay, location was great, next to Coach Mike Ditka's restaurant. Only thing, no fitted sheets! Called front desk, they said they didn't supply them... 
14891 My husband became sick and the staff went beyond service with help and compassion. They truly made a difficult time much easier. Great staff. 
14892 My second visit to the Hotel, this time with family, we enjoyed it so much. Stylish rooms, location, service. Priorities Members check in desk team were nice, helpful, and professional. If you would like to pamper yourself in New York, then stay at the InterContinental New York Times Square. 
14893 we got a wonderful price on PRICELINE for this new york hotel, everything was fine, but I found the bed unconfortable!!!!! the mattress was too soft.... Besides that, the location, staff, downstairs foyer, everything was very good.... can be recomended 
14894 Love, love, love me some Le Parker Meridien. Love the orange and gray, love the modern vibe, love the location, even love the dang shampoo. Its a must see and a MUST STAY! 
14895 The hotel is situated very close to subway stations. Our room was very clean. The staff was friendly. The facilities (e.g. gym) very good. We didn't try the restaurant as we bought breakfast from one of the nearby coffee shops. 
14896 The staff here is amazing. Sara got us dinner reservations and eveyone here will make your stay terrific. It is only one block off Times Square! Easy walk to Central Park!! 
14897 close to Central Park, within walking distance of Times Square, vey confortable...quite expensive... 
14898 Great location next door to the House of Blues and within walking distance of many great restaurants. Decor is modern and upscale throughout the hotel. Room was very comfortable and quiet. Staff was very friendly throughout our stay. I would definitely consider staying here again. 
14899 Location, location, location. In the Heart of the City, near Everything... Very helpful and friendly staff throughout the hotel. Lobby / Front Desk area under renovation but staff has made relocation of check in as painful as possible. 
14900 This is one of the great hotels in Soho that will not dent you wallet. You an walk to the Village, Little Italy, or Chinatown. The staff is sensational. They want you to be happy. 
14901 This hotel is old, outdated- no refrigerator or microwave in the room. The location is awful and the hotel restaurant is awful. There were bugs in the hotel. I would not stay here ever again even if I were being paid to. GROSS! 
14902 a great place to stay, very high end service, hotel staff is helpful 
14903 This is my third stay at the hotel, and it gets better each time. The staff was very helpful--much appreciated because weather made it tough to get into NYC. And the newly renovated rooms are beautiful! Can't beat the location! 
14904 Super hotel! Was mn vierde keer in NY dit was het beste hotel tot nu toe! Ik was met mijn 2 jongens van 7 en 17 jaar. De kamer was zeer ruim voor New Yorkse begrippen en mooi ingericht en schoon. Ook de badkamer was ruim en mooi. 
14905 Have stayed here 3 times now and we love the location and small boutique hotel.Rooms are decent size and staff friendly.A bit expensive unless you can get it on sale.Will stay here again. 
14906 Excellent location, minutes from Braodway and Times Square. Close to the subway station, and has a minimarket across the road. Convenient access to all the major sights. Will definately stay here again if in New York. 
14907 Loved the neighborhood. Great restaurants nearby, people are very friendly. Room was very spacious (2 queens). Breakfast area is very crampy, but ok. Staff is very patient and helpfull. Nextdoor is a P garage where you pay $26 p/night. 
14908 This hotel is great for a business trip or short stay. The staff is excellent, room comfortable and clean, and breakfast delicious. However, the bathroom sink is set too far away (close to the mirror) and it was not easy to lean so far forward to use the sink. 
14909 Superb hotel. The most unique and eclectic hotel i've ever stayed in. I am usually a priceline shopper - not sold on a particular hotel, but this is the exception. It is worth seeking out this hotel and staying there. $200.00 mid week rate on their web site. 
14910 First time to NYC and had an incredible stay at the palace. Bad weather and the Palace made the trip much better with its great location and great staff. 
14911 Upper West Side, a couple of blocks from Central Park. Cosmopolitan, artistic, friendly, and comfortable. I could move in :) 
14912 Prima, betrekkelijk klein hotel in rustige wijk. De rust van de appartementen geven je de energie om je weer op de drukke stad 'te storten'. En de ramen kunnen open! Personeel is heel vriendelijk en behulpzaam 
14913 Noone answers room service phone line. Furniture is old and beat up. Bedspreads are dirty. Ironing board fell off the closet wall because it was screwed in without anchors. Really?! 
14914 read a load of bad reviews but needed to stay near 50's and Lexington. Hotel was great - street bazaar as we arrived which caused hassle parking - hotel staff efficient - room on higher floor and away from ice machine - bit small but very well designed. would recommend 
14915 Great find on Madison near St. Pat's, Sak's. Room newly renovated, bath all clean and comfortable. Amenities all you need. Stayed here lots when working out of 59th & Park office, still very nice, and good value. Will return soon. 
14916 Great for business if you are in the East upper side. Very small rooms (like anywhere in NY), nice service, very clean, good bathroom. Probably not the best for families, since the rooms are small. Overall good value. 
14917 I recently stayed at The Gem Hotel, the staff was very helpful & friendly. The room and bathroom were very clean. the bed was comfortable. Excellent Location and very good price. You also get free Wi-Fi. Highly Recommended and i would stay again. 
14918 Not an high end hotel by any means but not dirty either. Was a very good stay for the money. Hey you can not beat free parking in NYC!. It is a few blocks form Times Sq and not far from subway access. 
14919 Awesome place to stay, clean, good breakfast, and friendly staff. Very roomy and comfortable. The only downside is the highway construction on 610. Make getting around the area a little crazy. Would recommend and definitely stay here again. 
14920 I was expecting them to charge by the hour by the looks of the place. This is just an amazing location with a real east village feel but it's tiny rooms, seedy guests, hallway bathroom, and no reservations necessary. I'm thinking it's used for unsavory purposes more than for tourism. 
14921 I liked it so much I'll be staying there again soon. It's a little far from some restaurants and attractions, but is no more than a 5 to 10 minute walk to most anything you need or want. 
14922 The front desk was very professional and accommodating. Overall hotel was very clean and the suites were very spacious and nice. 
14923 Nathalie was very accomodating given my unsual arrival time. Overall I'd say this is the best hotel in that are for this price. No complaints at all. 
14924 Good location, funky atmosphere. Rooms were small but had everything needed, very modern and fun. Completely recommend Yotel to anyone! 
14925 For a NYC hotel in the middle of the action (a few blocks from Penn Station), you get pretty reasonably sized rooms for a pretty reasonable price. The cookies in the evening at the front desk were a nice touch. 
14926 I can't begin to guess felipeplaza's standards. This may be the worst hotel I've ever experienced. Filthy, broken, smelly, overpriced. Disgusting at any price -- outrageous for what we paid. 
14927 You can stay there and you will be well located. Clean and good atmosphere. The bar scene is pretty cool. Staff people are very nice. 
14928 Average hotel very weell located, with the pricing accordingly with the services offered! 
14929 Ideal location, plenty of places to eat nearby. Easy walking distance to main CBD 
14930 Very helpful with information on where to go and what to see. 
14931 My wife and I come in to the city a few times a year but this was our first time at this hotel. We had a nicely appointed corner room with plenty of space. The staff was friendly and helpful. We would definitely stay here again. 
14932 Perfect place to stay if you don't mind the small rooms. When you only need a comfortable place to sleep this is perfect. Within walking distance of Grand Central Station, and many NYC attractions. Will go again if I go back to NYC! 
14933 The hotel was really well located and very clean but if sharing with a friend for more than a night or two it is too small. It can be very claustrophobic and noisy. 
14934 Nice room, very clean, very friendly staff - George the bellman was GREAT !!! 
14935 Excellent time - Exellent Hotel! Having read some of the reviews on here prior to our trip, we were a little concerned but I can only guess there are 2 Wellington Hotels!! Excellent hotel and very friendly and professional staff. We will definately be returning! 
14936 I should have remember the first time, no air conditioning! You would think in October you wouldn't need it, but at 80 degrees in the room, you do. Staff very friendly, bedding very old and dingy. Breakfast is very limited, but excellent location. 
14937 Amazing lobby. Very trendy. The food was excellent. The service top level. The rooms have really something special with candles & dark athmosphere. You feel like in a discotheque. The bathroom is also special. Try the bath tube which can be a shower or a large bath. 
14938 Pets encouraged. Sleep impossible. Dander, flea fears kept this from being a viable option for the future despite its proximity to son's new home. If you are allergic to animals, it's not the place for you. 
14939 We loved the Price for the location. Free parking and we could bring our dog. There is Free WI-Fi BUT --- But it DOES NOT WORK with Mac Products. We will stay here again because of the price and location with free parking. Staff were great and friendly. 
14940 Clean, good staff, but typical room size for NYC. Getting here is easy if you take the Long Island Rail Road from JFK and then walk the few blocks - best way to get in and out economically. 
14941 The Salisbury Hotel was a nice, comfortable hotel in a great location near Central Park and 5th Ave. The room was large and comfortable and the management was helpful. I felt like it was a bargain. Would definitely stay here again. 
14942 Not worth the money.After one night we checked out.No water for 3-4 hrs.Room was 7by8.No were to put suitcases except in front of door.How does this hotel pass health & safety codes? 
14943 Eccellente posizione a due passi da Times Square. Camere arredate in maniera semplice ma con bagno confortevole. Pulitissimo e sufficientemente confortevole ma soprattutto economico. Ci ritorneremo volentieri. 
14944 My first stay here (in July 2011) was so crazy awful that they gave me a free night (that I used August 2011). I thought that was a great way to rectify the situation. My second stay was MUCH better than the first. Plus, the gave me a nice suite. 
14945 on the pictures this hotel looks much more better it was my last time there 
14946 On a one-night stay, booked the same day, I found this hotel to be clean and quiet. Though it's not new, both the lobby and my room/bathroom appeared almost new. Recommend this one. 
14947 Staff is courteous, friendly and always aware of the needs of the guests. Very clean rooms and excellent selection on breakfast! Excellent place to stay for any business trip. Location very close to galleria. 
14948 Although the rooms are nicely appointed, they are NYC-tiny, tiny, tiny. Attentive and helpful staff make the hotel feel comfortable. The breakfast buffet, however, is overpriced and mediocre, at best. For a good meal at reasonable price, walk one block to the Ritz Diner. Don't miss their blueberry pancakes. 
14949 Fantastic hotel, great accommodation at an excellent price - staff were helpful & knowledgable - great base. I did find the bed a bit hard but that's just my own preference! Would definitely stay again. 
14950 Everything was quite ok 
14951 Good location near 6th on 35th. That's the good part. Small room, OK breakfast, tiny bar, almost no lobby - all for over $400 a night. Won't book it again. 
14952 Superb staff. Excellent value. Great facility and rooms. 
14953 Nice hotel right across from Central Park. It was a good value for the location and quality. The staff were very friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay there again. 
14954 For $150-ish after taxes, this was the worst hotel I've ever stayed in for that kind of money. I have stayed in worse, but usually in the $30 a night range, years back. Paint was pealing. Room blah, blah, blah! An embarrassment for the Ramada chain! 
14955 Un buon hotel in zona centrale di Manhattan vicinissimo alle Nazioni Unite e Fifth Avenue. Camere molto grandi,letto matrimoniale e divano letto. Buon ristorante panoramico in cima all'edificio (26 piani)con bella vista sul fiume e sui grattacieli. Un tre stelle dignitoso, sicuramente una buona soluzione per New York. 
14956 Brilliant location for sightseeing but after the lobby it's a little jaded. Room was just about OK. NY is NY but did the Viator city tour which was well worth doing. 
14957 El hotel esta muy bien ubicado, entre los puntos mas interesantes, central park, broadway, muchos museos, y el mismisimo time square todo esta a un paso. la limpieza es buena y las habitaciones comodas.- 
14958 Staff were extremely friendly. Good sized room. Excellent cooked breakfasts. Amazing location - within walking distance of most major attractions. Would definitely recommend! 
14959 l'hotel est un peu exc entre mais ca soulage un peu du bruit de la journee tout est facile d'acces malgre tout bus metro taxis a volonte ,la laverie la salle de fitness sont appreciables le personnel tres correct pret a vous aider si besoin est 
14960 Room was large, comfortable, modern, and immaculate. Great location relative to "EL" and walking. Complementary interenet access a plus. Breakfast room is spacious. Good value. I'm hooked. Already booked my next return. 
14961 5 star cheap freindly staff clean rooms can't ask better tan that brand new rooms flat screen tvs 
14962 Clean and convenient your standard budget place I'm coming back in December! 
14963 Got a decent rate. Room small but absolutely fine and comfortable. Totally no frills but as a bed and nothing else for a couple of night it was perfectly acceptable. 
14964 I rarely write any reviews, but let me simply say that this hotel was incredible. very large room by NYC standard, wonderfully polite staff, great location.... If you can get a good rate on this hotel, look no further. Really pleasant. 
14965 The property offers a solid customer experience. The staff are trained, courteous and get it right. I would stay here again, especially to see the progress of the WTC from a birds-eye view. 
14966 The affinia Dumont is a fabulous hotel - rooms large and very clean. Staff were very helpful with great recommendations for restuarants etc. Lots of really nice street cafes and bars near by. 
14967 Damaris checked us in and out very quickly. Also suggested places to eat while in town. The room had a great view of Times Square was very clean and spacious for NYC. 
14968 Great location close to everything. Rooms small but more than adequate because they were clean and lighting was exceptionally good. Obliging staff, food pretty good too. I would stay there again 
14969 Rooms are small, breakfast is very crowded, it's expensive. However, the hotel is clean and staff are helpful. It's a great location and probably the best you can find for the price. I will go back again. 
14970 Ci siamo trovati molto bene centralissimo e vicino alla metropolitana ed alla stazione per l aeroporto Cucina fornita di tutto con lavaggio piatti compreso Bagno molto piccolo letto comodo il salotto spazioso Personale gentile e disponibile. 
14971 This hotel was centrally located in mid-town Manhattan. The room I stayed in was nicely furnished and very spacious. Very slow lifts. 
14972 Karina and Natalie were very friendly and helpful. Making a stay the best. If I was going to vist NYC, it would definitely because of Katrina and Natalie. Thank You 
14973 I stayed at this hotel for two days in December, 2008. The rooms were clean, well maintained and very comfortable. The grill and restaurant served good food and the location was ideal for my needs. I would strongly recommend this hotel to others. I.Mehkri 
14974 Stayed here recently with some friends. Great location, friendly staff, nice rooms. Had a good view from our room. Loved the pool and the convenience of Starbucks in the building! Would recommend and come back anytime 
14975 The hotel was the worst hotel I ever stayed in, the paint was peeling from the walls, curtains had big stains. I had to sleep in my clothes. Don't go there! I booked through priceline. 
14976 Decent size room is about all you can say. Zero amenities, zero character, and outrageous up- charges for basic things. And beware the sales pitch for the timeshare units in the adjoining building. Good location though -- close to theaters, 5th ave, the park etc. Would not stay there again. 
14977 no me parece tan malo como dicen, pero el personal que atiende en la recepcion le falta mucha cultura de atencion al cliente, pareciera que uno les estuviera pidiendo algo regalado. Las demas personas que atienden en el hotel, son colaboradores. 
14978 Just completed two night stay at Casablanca. Lived up to expectations and previous reviews.Would certainly recommend and will return next time we're in New York. 
14979 Wow...the hotel, view and location was fabulous! I highly recommend this hotel. 
14980 Di "sheraton" ha solo il prezzo (alle stelle)! Per il resto una delusione. Camere sporche con polvere dappertutto, lenzuola sporche... E mi fermo qui! Buona solo la posizione a due passi da time square. Ma essendo a new York basta poco per trovare qualcosa di meglio. 
14981 Simply-The BEST!!! We will be back for "New Year's Eve"+"New Year's Day"!!! Everything was EXCELLENT...The hotel's location, shopping convience, room's comfort level, restaurants, customer service, cleanliness of the room and the VISUAL opulence inside and outside of this popular hotel!!!!!!!!!!!!! We LOVED IT!! Can not wait to return!! 
14982 Just returned from a one night stay at the Michelangelo. Top notch service, beautifully done interior, comfortable beds and great location. We will defintely return! 
14983 This is one of those large US city centre hotels. No charm or pleasant surprises, but no nasty ones either. Great location on the Magnificent Mile, within walking distance of the main shopping district and many local attractions. Rooms are cramped, though. 
14984 El hotel estaba demasiado lleno y poca gente atendia. En el cuarto no habia calefaccion todo el tiempo, llegabamos de noche muertos de frio y el cuarto estaba frio! En dos ocasiones no nos dejaron toallas. Tiene muy buena ubicacion pero no esperes mucho del hotel. 
14985 The accommodations were first-rate and the staff incredibly attentive and friendly. My highest recommendation. 
14986 Great place to stay. Ashock the general manager is a wonderful person and made my stay much better. I recommend it. The room is the right size, a very big comfortable bed, and the TV is huge with good channels. Smells nice and the neighbors don't get loud. 
14987 We always try and stay in this fabulous hotel whenever we are in New York.The rooms are beautiful and extremely comfortable.We love the spa especially the pool and roof terrace. I recommend the "Manhattan Retreat" package which includes a fantastic breakfast and hotel credit. 
14988 Spacous rooms, excellent location, clean, good value.....I highly recommend this hotel. 
14989 The room was huge. It was in very good but not perfect condition. For the price, this hotel is very good but not excellent. 
14990 if you looking for a budget hotel this is the place to be clean hptel great location good price good service safe 'very dood location' 
14991 My fiancee and I stayed here and we loved it. Clean and urban style room with fantastic products. Very comfortable bed with luxurious bedding and perfect location near Times Square. Will definitely stay again! 
14992 Good hotel in an excellent location. Corridors a bit drab but room functional and well maintained. Staff very helpful 
14993 The hotel is beautiful and centrally located. I recommend if money is not an issue. 
14994 Situato a 5 minuti da Time Square,posizione centralissima. Camera piccola,mancanza di armadio,bagno al limite dello spazio 1mt x 1mt ,pulizia pessima,problemi con la chiusura della porta.Da consigliare solo a chi vuole spendere pochissimo rispetto alla posizione centrale. 
14995 HOTEL TRES BIEN SITUE SUR TIME SQUARE. HOTEL UN PEU VIELLOT MAIS BONNE LITERIE ET LIT PROPRE. JE RECOMMANDE POUR LE PRIX ET L'EMPLACEMENT. ON Y DORT MAIS ON Y PASSE PAS LA JOURNEE DONC TRES BON RAPPORT QUALITE/PRIX 
14996 Wonderful as always - comfy room, great location for my work, helpful people. A friend came with me - she was "wow'd" by the room - but the frosted glass in the bathroom was a bit much 
14997 yes rooms are small, but from what I hear most hotel rooms in Midtown NYC are small. We were on the second floor and never heard any noise from lounge. Staff was very helpful. 1/2 block off Time Square. 
14998 Convenient location. The room was comfortable but too small. Continental breakfast. Friendly staff. The hotel was clean. I recomended it my friends 
14999 We stayed here for a 5 day break. Our room was in the towers with a great view. hotel staff were polite, rooms were clean, great location. 
15000 The Hotel was too big and very nice hotel. My room was at 22nd Floor. View is very cool from 22nd floor. Best Hotel in this world 
15001 Location is fantastic, just 2 seconds walk to time square. Room was small but fine for the amount of time we spent in it. Quiet and always cleaned everyday. Staff were pleasant, door men especially nice. I would def recommend this hotel and would stay agin. 
15002 The people at the desk were very nice, helpful, and professional, but the room had a noisy AC, sheets looked like they hadn't been washed from last guest, but fortunately we only had to stay there ond night. Thanks heavens no bedbugs! 
15003 Once i arrived i have been greeted by a delicious coockie, and the receptionist informed that i got upgrded to a King Suite. My requests are already attended and they located me in the 40th floor. amazing view and amazing service. i will come back again 
15004 I recently stayed for 2 nights at the Bentley Hotel. The price was unbeatable for NYC. Great location for walking to Central Park, shopping, or subway access. Helpful staff. Rooms are small but clean with modern decor. Only drawbacks were internet access charge and no working business center. 
15005 This hotel is located in the heart of Times Square and everything is a stone throw away be it theatres, cinemas, and night life. Amazing location and fantastic spacious rooms. Highly recommend it. 
15006 Perfecte locatie (vlak bij broadway, om de hoek van empire state building) Rustig en net hotel, zeer vriendelijk en hulpvaardig personeel. Ontbijt (niet inbegrepen) zoals te verwachten in amerikaanse hotels minimaal, maar op loopafstand legio alternatieven beschikbaar. 
15007 Excellent hotel in Times Square, the heart of New York City for all your shopping, bars, restaurants, real buzz all the time both inside and outside hotel. Just returned from my 5th visit there and would stay nowhere else particularly if location is high on your prioiities. 
15008 The hotel is very good, location is perfect, food ecxelent. I very liked SPA service. Everyting on time. Thank for carefully of my lost lagguage in airport. If i come back to NY i will stay only her!The best!!!! All should come here!:) 
15009 Lovely Hotel in a great location close to central park. We were upgraded when we arrived, which made the stay even better and our room was at the back so it was quiet. It was easy to travel around. It would be good to have free Wifi though. 
15010 This is a very good hotel for a long stay (I stayed for a month). They give complimentary breakfast. The staff at the reception is really very good and helpful. The breakfast is very good. They serve a lot of varieties. 
15011 Stayed at the Moderne Hotel in October 2012 for five days. Rooms very clean with large comfortable beds and nice bathroom, staff helpful and friendly at all times. In a great location with Central Park and Broadway around the corner. I will recommend this hotel to friends and family. 
15012 Great location. Nice person at reception managed to get us a room despite arriving a bit early on a Saturday. Kind and helpful personnel all around, including at The National restaurant. Good place to travel with children. We will come back. 
15013 Excellent location, friendly staff under difficult circumstances (Sandy). Internet connection OK but you continually have to relog on. The only downside is the size of the rooms. Not even space for the usual coffee machine! and certainly not enough room to swing a cat! 
15014 Great hotel, great location, great staff. We stayed while attending a friends wedding and my next trip back to NYC we will stay again! Grab a beer at the old Irish pub across the street! 
15015 I agree with the positive comments made by others. Staff was freindly and helpful. Beds and bedding were ideal. The free Internet in the lobby is useful for a quick check of personal emails and, best of all, to print your boarding pass. 
15016 Great hotel, great location, incredibly helpful and friendly staff. Though their is no restaurant in the hotel, many wonderful options within blocks. 
15017 excellent all round,lovely rooms,but no tea/coffee facilities in room,beautifully clean, fresh towels every day,perfect location, a few minutes walk from centralpark and times square.Fantastic service, wonderful holiday. 
15018 I'm not sure when it changed its name, but I'm pretty sure it was still the plaza when I stayed. Nice rooms and good service. I stayed for week while I was taking a class for work. 
15019 One of the most pleasant stays I have had in Chicago. From checking to checking out, I loved the room and the staff. The view we had from our room of Navy Pier was outstanding. 
15020 I am in NY for business all the time. Everytime I stay here, I am completely satisfied. The new lobby is spectacular and you cant beat the location! 
15021 Enjoyed the service, clean room, complimentary breakfast for a weekend trip! 
15022 Near Soldier Field, Grant Park, museums and attractions. Great value for location. Rooms are just average. Skip the hotel breakfast and go to Yolk, just around the corner on S. Michigan ave. Don't miss it 
15023 I was looking for a hotel that would serve my needs for an extended stay. I found that in the The Residence Inn. The hotel was newly renovated and extremely clean. The staff is helpful and friendly. Its nice to stay where they know your na 
15024 Fantastic experience. The staff couldn't have been more helpful and although very expensive we had breakfast on our last day fabulous so we also had lunch that proved to be the climax of a fabulous stay. May not have all the modern amenities but it sure has lots of style.l 
15025 cannot fault the hotel, we had a comfortable stay at the hotel could have done with a fridge in the room but the ice machine did the trick. i would return. 
15026 We loved the Marquis. It is a massive hotel and reminded us of some of the Las Vegas resort hotels without the slots. Fantastic location, spacious rooms and lovely and quiet. Staff were great too. Will definitely be back. 
15027 Very good accomodation, clean and comfortable. Boring district but only walking distance to town. Internet works fine, and breakfast is okay although served on plastic plates. I would definetly stay there again. 
15028 Hotel is geweldig gelegen vlakbij Central park en op loopafstand van Time Square, Carnegie Hall, Meseum of Modern Art, en andere interessante locaties. Kamers waren ruim en prima verzorgd. Goede en vriendelijke service. Relatief goedkoop ontbijt, hoewel niet "continental" zoals wij dat kennen. Even wennen aan het wegwerpservies 
15029 Affordable hotel in a great location. clean, but small rooms, ac and internet included, not so great staff but the location + price makes it worthwhile for 1-3 nights at manhattan. 
15030 Despite staying only one night, and on starwood points, we were pleasantly surprised to receive an upgraded room. There is a bar downstairs, but rooms are still very quiet. The concierge was helpful in finding us information about a few exhibits. 
15031 booked through hotwire, got a great rate and thought a great hotel as a better name brand. Room was furthest away, and shabby. No electrical outlets to charge anything without unplugging. Room was in rough condition, big old TV, dated furniture. Good restaurant though. 
15032 Just back from a great stay at the Moderne Hotel in Manhattan. Very nice staff, wonderful beds, and very clean room. Great location walking distance to Time Square and Central Park. 
15033 hotel senza fronzoli, pulito, comodo, con personale sempre disponibile. stanze a misura d'uomo, le migliori sono quelle con vista su central park. stazione metro a 2 minuti a piedi sulla 103esima camminando verso sud lungo central park. zona tranquilla. 
15034 i stayed in this hotel last week visiting from new york for business trip ,my king size room was excellent with new furniture and nicely done decor ,the hot breakfast was very good nice cozy room ,i will recommend this hotel to business travelers Good keep it up james dishman 
15035 Certainly lived upto it reputation, this hotel is full of history and very grand. Pleasure to stay at. 
15036 Very accommodating to our request of room, very friendly, great service. Fantastic. Wish the beautiful lobby bar stayed open late. Great location, strongly recommend! 
15037 Het hotel in steekwoorden: megagroot, indrukwekkend, toplocatie, fantastisch uitzicht in restaurant The View, geoliede machine, mooie kamers, rustig (qua geluid), heerlijke douche, prima ontbijt, aardige staff. 
15038 if you don't expect the hilton, carter is a fine, cheap and clean place to stay. The rooms are cleand evry day and the owners are friedly. Staying in the carter is the best solution to be in the center of the big apple for not too much money 
15039 Excellent location for my first trip to NYC, easy walk to Times Square and the Empire State Building. Friendly helpful staff. Room was rather smaller than expected but nicely decorated. The tub was very shallow and not comfortable if you like baths, but that's minor. Very good deal overall. 
15040 Park avenue elegant. Concierge very helpful. To get theater tickets the day before was VERY expensive. But he got us surprisingly good seats. Healthy stretch of the legs getting back to hotel. 
15041 Been through most of the Marriotts around the country. The chef served excellent food and made the experience personable!!!! A+++ 
15042 Beautiful, modern, hip hotel room. Everything is within reach, staff is phenomenal to make your stay enjoyable. Would stay in again! 
15043 No entiendo como hay gente que dice que el personal de este hotel no es bueno.- Nosotros fuimos atendidos de forma excelente y el hotel es MUY bueno y recomendable. 
15044 We based ourselves here to explore New York - fantastic location, great room, friendly staff. Disappointing not to have complimentary wifi, but Starbucks was just down the road. All in all a very pleasant stay. 
15045 Free, fast wifi, free bottled water, great room, cool lobby and bar, pantry....... This place is a very welcome respite from a day on the road, and the usual nonsense hotels like this usually fleece you for. Great job aloft Houston! 
15046 Not anything great but definitely a good hotel. Very comfortable beds, nice showers, but the only light in the rooms come from lamps. 
15047 Great location next to John Hancock building and a block away from great shopping. Good sized room, with microwave, large flat screen tv, dvd player. Small but great fitness center. No free wifi but able to print boarding pass for free in business center. 
15048 If you don't intend to spend your holiday in the hotel room, I can really recommend this hotel. Perfect location to a resonable price. 
15049 My favorite place to stay- right in Times Square. Staff are very friendly and helpful. Love the Marriott rewards points. It makes the stays affordable. We had a great time! 
15050 We were upgraded to a larger king bedded room. Met our expectations for a doubletree. No coffee maker in the room but they said at check out they were "working on that" as they had heard that complaint before. 
15051 The best location you would like to have when visiting NYC. In staying there you feel the rhythm of the Big Apple. It is close to everywhere. The stuff is eager and ready to help and you feel very welcome. 
15052 I've stayed in this hotel many times. I've always found the rooms to be clean and comfortable. The locations is perfect for restaurants and conducting business. Subway convenient, and quiet. Moderately priced for a Mid-Town hotel. I will continue to stay in this hotel. And would recommend it to others 
15053 You are walking distance to both Grant and Millennium park and Magnificent Mile. The staff at the hotel are very helpful and nice. This hotel was truly amazing! 
15054 I needed a hotel in the Energy Corridor area and this one was just great. The room was nice and spacious, service was great, nice food and overall amenities. Very friendly staff both at check in and check out. I got a good deal online, which made things even better. 
15055 I arrived with my daughter never having been to New York the staff at the Affinia were just the greatest everyone was very kind and helpful. Our room was bigger than I expected and clean, there was absolutely nothing I could complain about. Will definitely return! 
15056 Brand new property, very friendly staff, good size rooms, great mini-bar, nice amenities. Awesome restaurant in property (well, attached). Perfect location for midtown/wall street meetings, centrally located. Would recommend this property!!!! 
15057 Good place to stay for work but i wouldnt vacation here... It's clean, nice staff and i'll be here again weekly for the next year!! 
15058 The Marquis has it all: location, amenities, staff. The basic room and bathroom were spacious. One great note. Through computer technology, there is never a wait for the elevators. 
15059 The Hotel Kitano was a wonderful oasis of calm in the middle of a bustling city. It was spotless and comfortable and although we didn't need anything, the staff seemed polite and responsive. Only one beef, that internet service was extra ($10/day), which seemed a bit short-sighted. 
15060 Great location. Close to Times Square, Central Park, and shopping. Service was fantastic. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room was very clean and modern. Spacious bathroom. We will definitely stay there again! 
15061 Stayed lastnight at this fine hotel. Really nice place, cool decor, and great beds. The only complaint is that the ac is loud and the showers are like gym showers and water gets everywhere. Also the showerheads are low. Overall a great hotel. 
15062 If you love history, great locations and wonderful service, book a room. Alicia at the Hilton Honors desk was incredibly helpful. The entire staff went out of their was to assist. The ballroom is magnificent. The entire facility is beautiful. 
15063 The staff is wonderful,the room is clean,the free breakfast is good.Neighborhood is great,subway,penn station,deli food,all are so convinent.You can walk straight to Time Square,It is the heart of Manhattan. 
15064 Contemporary rooms in a great old building. Friendly staff, wonderful Italian restaurant right next door. Within short walking distance to so many great Chicago attractions. My new favorite hotel in Chicago! 
15065 I stayed in the hotel for a week, and had a great stay the staff was helpful and courteous. The only problems I saw were that the television was too small and the Internet access was poor. I would and will stay in this hotel again. 
15066 Grand entrance From limo pickup at JFK through welcome,check in and room-everything was special Historic hotel just like the movies Highly recommended 
15067 This place is right on top of a freeway and the highway noise is bad. Unless you have earplugs or sleeping pills or both do not stay here. Bar appears fine and lobby was okay. Rooms are big but just not quiet 
15068 The location and the price are the main points for this Hotel. A negative point was the assistance from the concierge, unavailable to help, not interested with the customer - even though the people from front desk (attendants and carriers) were really gentle. 
15069 Had a great time at the W. Perfect location for my first trip to NYC. Accommodations, staff and room were all lovely. Would definitely recommend this Hotel to anyone visiting. Definitely experienced the WOW factor!! Can't wait to go back:) 
15070 We had a room on the 15th floor extremely small and bathroom ridiculous. People at the Front Office and Concierge unfriendly, no customer care at all. I think you can find a better solution for 250 $ per night without breakfast. 
15071 My wife and I spent 3 nights. Everything was wonderful. The staff very friendly and responsive. The room very comfortable and the restaurant served an excellent breakfast. Not 1 problem. Highly recommend hotel. 
15072 Great location, close to everything. Beautiful hotel. But they have bedbugs, just saying. 
15073 It was an excelent hotel. Large room with kitchen at a very affordable price! 
15074 Walking distance to Willis Tower and the UIC Pool. 
15075 This is a good hotel for business trips. The staff is nice. Rooms are very decent. Of interest they have a hotel bus that will drop you off to any restaurants and that will pick you up once you are done: Very practical if you want to eat out. 
15076 Wow when it comes to friendliness! Every time you pass by the front desk a friendly, "Have a great day!" comes to you. Above average food and clean room. Excellent internet connectivity and superior staff! 
15077 This hotels sucks. The room was dated, breakfast service non-existent (bar attitude) and atmosphere stale. I will be avoiding this hotel. In dire need of a refurbishment. Only saving grace were gummy bears in the mini-bar..... some compensation for an expensive mistake. 
15078 Rooms not huge, but comfy, quiet and close to everything. An excellent new option in a busy part of town! 
15079 The hotel was lovely, staff friendly and helpfull making our trip to New York enjoyable. The rooms are small but are very comfortable. The location of the hotle is ideal if this is your first trip to New York. We'd definatley book again. 
15080 Beautiful hotel, wonderful staff! Latoya, Sam, Krys, all were so helpful and pleasant, and made us feel @ home everytime we walked through the door! The tea bar was a nice added treat and love the Affinia blend. 
15081 Tres bel hotel, si vous pouvez le trouver a un bon prix. Le personnel est tres efficace, a l'ecoute. vraiment tres bien, chambres enormes et spacieuse, belle decoration ... tout pour passer un bon sejour 
15082 Nice hotel, but rooms aren't very pretty. Too masculine. I also didn't like the fact that they don't have free wifi in the rooms. Room service for coffee was way overpriced. We did get adjoining rooms, which was great! The location was awesome for shopping and the Navy Pier. 
15083 Just around the corner to Times Square.The hotel is in an ideal location.The cafe next door serves good reasonably priced meals.The hotel itself has seen better days but it suited our purpose.We were there to see the city,not the hotel room. 
15084 we traveled with two young children and it was a very positive experience. While the rooms are not ornate or plush, the privacy and comfort make up for any shortcomings. I have been staying here for the past 15 years and hope it never changes. 
15085 Stopped over here en route from Europe to Brazil and it was the perfect base for my only two days ever in New York City.Hits all the right notes from cost, cleanliness, service etce tce 
15086 Rooms are slightly larger than your average NY hotel room. In general worthy of it's 4 star+ rating. Breakfast was poor value at $27 ahead buffet. Has a nice bar. Overall a good experience. A little pricey at $430 plus tax. 
15087 My wife and I spent the weekend in NYC at the W and had a wonderful time. Very nice hotel away from the crowds of Times Square but very close to some excellent shopping and restaurants. Will stay again in the future. 
15088 Nice Hotel with room and service perfect for a business trip but boring with almost nothing around that .... Zero choices in case you just want to have a meal or a drink not in the hotel! Unless you are desperate for a cheese burger at McDonald 
15089 Staff was excellent! Not a fan of the new beds...they were lumpy and cave to the middle. 
15090 This is the best place to stay in Chicago for the price. The location on where it is the greatest. It is clean and where else in Chicago has free parking?! 
15091 This hotel was an exceptional experience for our 4 day getaway to NYC, centrally located to all. The service across the hotel was outstanding and the food especially in the restaurant GILT is amazing, I will return and recommend to all. 
15092 Good location, friendly and efficient staff (July 24th,late checkout-no problem, even for a Hotwire customer).The room is large by NY standard and the lobby is inviting. I would stay there again. 
15093 I have stayed at this hotel at least once a year since they opened. the upkeep of this hotel is incredible. The staff could not be more helpful and polite. It is in a wonderful location to sites and the subway. If you can get a room stay here. 
15094 Die Lage, gerade wenn man vom Flughafen kommt und die Leistungen des Hotels sind insgesamt zufriedenstellend 
15095 Great Place to stay Near many attractions. And goos food. 
15096 Our room was lovely - an extremely comfortable bed and a very nice shower. Wicker Park is such a fun neighborhood with so much more personality than downtown. We will definitely stay here again on our next trip to Chicago. 
15097 I stayed here in Dec 07 and it was as you would expect of a Holiday Inn. It was clean and in a great location not far from times square. I would def recommend it for anyone looking for a good clean hotel as a base to explore NYC. 
15098 The Belvedere was an ideal base for our holiday. Great double executive room. Everything was 100%. No faults. 
15099 Great service and nice, though very small, rooms. Breakfast was good, and the staff was very accommodating of dietary restrictions. Extremely well situated near Times Square, yet quiet and peaceful. The bar got a bit loud and busy, but there was no noise up in the rooms. 
15100 Stayed here for new years eve, staff were polite the hotel was clean .. well positioned for walking to popular atractions. there are plenty restraunts and irish bars that served excellent food. 
15101 Good location, nice entrance and old rooms. Shabby, wallpapers are opening, TV old and small. needs urgent re-modelling to match the price. I honestly can't find a justification for the price (300 US$). Many better option around the same area. 
15102 Wake up people - this is not for travelers. This is for after lunch "nap"... Hence, mirrors and jacuzzi in a room. One positive thing I can say is that location is great, and, if person is traveling alone and doesn't care much - it would do it. 
15103 This hotel was a conference destination, but would be a great get away destination if you are wanting an urban experience. Great shops, restaurants, etc. 
15104 Das Hotel liegt optimal, direkt an der Subway und in unmittelbarere Umgebung gibt es jede Menge guter Restaurants und Kneipen. Die Ausstattung der Zimmer ist sehr gut und man hat alles was man von einem Cityhotel erwarten kann. 
15105 Located almost at same distance from Times Square and from Central Park. Concierge well prepared. The staff wants to help you every time. We feel at home. 
15106 This small boutique hotel is located close to all major attractions including Time Square, the theater district and Macy's. It designed for the economy minded traveler. Clean and comfortable Cozy room, The employees were always friendly and helpful. Great location, can't beat it for the price. 
15107 Stayed at the Gansvoort for 3 nights during a business meeting. Rooms and service was OK. Business center was good, but lacked some routines for dealing with larger business meetings. Nice roof top bar. 
15108 Close to Time Square and Fifth Ave. (actually right in the middle) Luxurious soaps and bath products.. nice radio with I-pod connector. comfortable beds nice flat screen-- good value.Concierge was nice and helpful. 
15109 Checked out loads of NY hotels on the net, also on tripadvisor. This hotel was best price booking on net. Hotel was lovely, big bed, clean room, no noise from other rooms, excellent service from reception. Definitely i will return to this hotel 
15110 Das ist wahrscheinlich ein Hostel, kein Hotel. Die Lage ist super, nur zwei Block von der Subway und kann man unterhalb 20 Min das Zentrum erreichen. 5 Min. laufen ist man schon im Center Park. Viele nette Angeboten, die Staff ist nicht perfekt aber nett. 
15111 Cleaning detail falls short and they really need to hire people who are service oriented and friendly at the front desk. 
15112 Stayed 3 nights on business-deluxe king suite...This room was a class act in every respect - comfort of bed, room size, room ammenities, bathroom - everything !!! Also, buffet breakfast top floor penthouse was also excellent Highly recommend 
15113 We loved this hotel. The location was great. Very close to Times Square. The bar is the best. The family sat out there every night for the view. Would never stay anywhere else. The rooms were plenty big. Breakfest was good, but expensive 
15114 The hotel location and quality of services is great but I had very little sleep due to the noisy in the corridors, adjacent rooms and the traffic. The room was sold as an upgrade but I would have rather had a smaller room with some peace and quiet 
15115 sono stata 11 gg in quest'hotel,mi sono trovata benissimo,camera doppia ma con letti da 1 piazza e mezza comodissimi,personale cordiale.Hotel centralissimo,5 min da Times Square,5th Avenue e l'Empire State Building,attaccato alla stazione ferroviaria e metro,veramente ben ubicato.Molto soddisfatta della scelta,hotel da consigliare 
15116 siamo stati 7 giorni in questo hotel: veramente ottimo: stanze grandi, bagno grande, tutto pulitissimo, asciugamani venivano cambiati anche tutti i giorni se lasciati sul pavimento. Hotel molto grande ma molto silenzioso. Molto pratica la sua posizione a due passi da Time Square e vicino a fermata della metropolitana. Consigliatissimo! 
15117 Rooms are large and clean. Front desk, Kierra and Kevin, were very helpful and helped book reservation for fantastic dinner through website opentable. They also guided us to good shopping and best place to find Cub's jerseys. 
15118 Great place to stay. Large rooms. Great location. Expensive. 
15119 This is a great hotel. Their bar / restaurant is a nice setup. Love the double ground to ceiling double doors that can be opened give the bar that outside European feel. Very clean rooms and a great staff. 
15120 I just stayed at the paramount. Brian the door guy was so nice. There was a terrible snow storm and he was so attentive on getting us cabs so we didnt have to wait in the bad weather. He gave great directions. Thanks Brian for being so helpful! 
15121 This hotel is not what it appears. The rooms are tiny and the bathrooms are even smaller with bad plumbing. The hallways smell of old people and cigarrettes. The only good thing was the price. 
15122 Beautiful boutique hotel one block off of Broadway and Time Square. Modern black and white decor with art deco touches. Very spacious for a NYC hotel. You can walk to your pre or post-theater restaurant or theater in10 minutes. Hotel is very "green" and takes pets. 
15123 It was my first time in NYC and loved it! The hotel is in a brilliant location, not far from the Empire State Building. Everything is in easy access. The hotel was clean & the staff were friendly. 
15124 stayed here for 2 nights on our anniversary in November...cosy, quiet, clean with exceptional service. Walking distance to just about everything. The Duke right down the street is great for breakfast 
15125 The best thing about this hotel is its location: right in the Times Square! The hotel is little old, but the rooms are ok... It is the best price on Times Square, worthwhile. 
15126 I have ever been such a great hotel,so everything is parfect,Id love to stay again,so here is my special apartment By [--] 
15127 Very nice hotel and excellent located.Two blocks from UN,two blocks also from Central Station. Many nice stores all around. The hotel upgraded me to a junior suite, very nice indeed.It has kitchenette and a small living room. Very comfortable. 
15128 Great location, clean rooms, service so so! If you want top service in a top New York Hotel get the Waldorf.. 
15129 All of the essentials at a great location. The bonus is the helpful front-desk staff that takes care of any concerns with a warm and friendly attitude. 
15130 the room we had was really good,we must have been lucky lol the shower in our room was very very powerful :) if you arrive to early to check in they will put your lugguage in a secured storage we would stay there again WE GIVE THE HOTEL A B+ 
15131 A great location at Broadway. Ample places to eat. Busy place. Nice staff. Smaller rooms. Expensive parking ($55 p/night) 
15132 The hotel lives up to all its expections and more with gorgeous views of the city and good service. I had a problem with my luggage but it was solved correctly. Breakfast could be improved. 
15133 Dirty room and bathroom, nasty people and bad service... old and stinky 
15134 Beautifully maintained both public areas and room. Fine interior design and decor. Two short blocks from Times Square, but completely quiet. Reasonable accessibility to non-tourist coffee shops and deli-type food, but a but a few blocks from decent restaurants. Very comfortable beds. 
15135 I booked this hotel for me and a friend for her 40th, everything we needed was right here, clean comfortable sized room, great restaurant and bar, great door staff very polite and good with directions. A must if in NYC.. 
15136 Attendant totally lazy and provided false info in order not to move or do anything. Rooms have moss which is unhealthy. only good thing about it is location. noisy outside due to construction but they promised a quiet room. 
15137 Following some of the reviews, we were a little apprehensive, but the Wolcott was excellent value. The staff weren't chatty, but were professional, the rooms clean and spacious (for New York!) and the showers worked! Great location, nice muffins and coffee, good value for a lively trip to New York. 
15138 Outstanding service in this 100+ year old hotel. Many amenities and services in this centrally located location. The staff is very attentive and professional. We traveled with our 7 year old daughter and would recommend. 
15139 This was my first stay at a Hotel Indigo and I will stay again. The room was spotless and quiet, the bed super comfy and large for NYC standards. Staff was friendly and helpful. 
15140 Just finished a three day stay for business. The rooms were a nice size for NYC and the open shower was great. The location is awesome as is the service. Going back next week. 
15141 Room was small but clean, they need to fix the smell on the floors.... the carpets smell like urine. Bed was comfortable and ok....... Checking out shouldn't be that long though, felt like i was at the desk for half an hour. GREAT LOCATION THOUGH!!!! 
15142 Good location near the galleria. Nice rooms & at a good price. The property is well managed also. 
15143 Traveled in New York in August 2012 as tour leader of a group and stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. Great hotel (if you are into modern design), staff is nice, location very good. Rooms are a bit small, but I didn't consider it a problem. 
15144 Great hotel would would highly recommend it the Tick Tock diner which is part of the hotel is amazing. 
15145 I have been to many hotels and this was the easiest to get around. It is close to everywhere. The rooms where great and the service was fantastic. I loved how I could walk to Broadway and many restaurants. 
15146 We all loved that hotel. Clean, close to everything. We didn't hear street noise at night. Stuff was friendly, rear for NY. Rooms were comfortable. Lobby is beautiful, has some character. Beds comfy, clean sheets. 
15147 hotel is fine. we were not impressed with the buffet offering in the revolving restaurant on the 48th floor, A pasta bar at $35/person is crazy,beer at $10,is expensive, 
15148 Very cool boutique hotel. Very comfortable bed and pillows. No. 7 Sub Shop around the corner is amazing and Stumptown Roasters is a great coffee shop. 
15149 I attended a work event that was hosted at the 5th Avenue Andaz and it was incredible. The space was weel thought out, the service was attentive but not obnoxious, and the food was incredible. Highly recommended. 
15150 If you want to walk to a lot of Manhattan's points of interests, this is the hotel for you. Matthew works the lobby and is VERY helpful and friendly. We loved our stay there, and Matthew made our stay even more terrific. I highly recommend this Comfort Inn. 
15151 Very nice hotel in the times square area of new York. It was a short three block walk to times square and the theater district. Paid extra for a " city view" room but it wasn't worth it. Hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. Will definitely stay there again 
15152 A very nice hotel with a good location, quite expensive. Quite often the food smells lingered into the lobby leaving a smell on ones clothes. This could be remedied by better ventilation in the diner and the door between the lobby and diner being kept closed. 
15153 My wife and her sisters stayed at The Muse for her 40th birthday. I called and spoke with Barbara (concierge) about leaving something special in my wife's room. Barbara went above and beyond in taking care of my request. She certainly made a big difference in my wife's stay. 
15154 overall is a good choice, rooms are small specially if u r shopping a lot :) walking distance from line 1 and steps from broadway. would go again.... 
15155 Nothing has been done to update the hotel. It is dirty and the bathrooms were disgusting. The location is fabulous! Carpet was disgusting. Housekeeping does not do a good job, they must not have vacuum cleaners. 
15156 Morgans is a small quaint hotel with a personable staff. (I was tracking this, front desk staff greeted with "welcome back" everytime I came through the front door.) But there's no old world charm here. Design is modern, clean and clever (especially the smart bathrooms) and the beds are devine. 
15157 A great little boutique hotel, very close to all the happening places of NYC. The staff was very friendly the room was clean and cute. Even a mini-club to party in right down in the basement of the building! Had a great time. Thank you! 
15158 Excellent hotel! The hotel is situated in a great location, only a few blocks from the Pier. Clean and spacious room, with a great staff. I will be staying there again on my next trip- next month. Good value for a downtown Chicago hotel. 
15159 Front desk personel was EXTREMELY rude and ruined my entire stay. Check-in person, Helen, was rude from the moment I arrived. Because of this person, who the hotel insists on employing, I will never stay there again and insist that no personel from my company ever book a room there. 
15160 The service was very good. Complementary breakfast was nice. Rooms were very small, could hardly move around in the bathroom. Did have a coffee maker in the room which was very nice. The whole hotel was in need of renovation. Hotel is in a great location, right near central park. 
15161 Very clean! Beautiful hotel. Makes you feel like you have stepped back in time but with all of the modern conveniences you expect. My room was great. Had a small issue w a light switch. Called down and electrician had it fixed quickly. Attentive staff. Perfect location! 
15162 The staff was INCREDIBLE! The location was MARVELOUS! The rooms were GREAT! Will return to this hotel in a heartbeat!!! Right by Time Square but away from all the noise, the overcrowding and dirty feeling... Right off of 5th Avenue and very close to Central Park. HIGHLY recommend this hotel!!! 
15163 We spent 4 nights there, and final price was $ 860...not so cheap, considering the small surface of our room. Toilet behind the glass is very fashionable, but really not practicle. Location is grat, and people at the front desk are very kind. 
15164 I stayed here in late August, 2012. I found the hotel to be convenient for walking to many places including theaters and subway stations. The staff members were always friendly and helpful. I also found my room to be quite large, comfortable, and affordable (at this time of year). 
15165 My tenth stay at the Gansevoort.....and it seems to never disappoint. From the redesigned lobby, to the wonderful rooms, to the professional, friendly staff - this hotel is among the best in the country. It's modern and hip, yet doesn't try to be 'cool'. It just is....! 
15166 The hotel was in a great location from Michigan Ave, had great staff, and a wonderful continental breakfast! Stayed in a room with a queen bed, definitely very limited floor space. However, with a great location, breakfast, and staff the small rooms are a ok! 
15167 Goed hotel. Goed bereikbaar voor met bus van JFK naar Port Authority. Wat rumoerig aan straatzijde (New York!). Geen ontbijt. Zwembad. Supermarkt dichtbij. Ietwat ver van het centrum. Toch een aanrader voor het geld. Hadden een familiekamer (4p). 5de overnachting gratis. 
15168 Spent three nights here last week; really, no complaints. Front desk staff were very pleasant and helpful. Room was very clean. View from rooftop pool was awesome. Burger Joint was definitely worth the wait on Friday afternoon. Location was great -- we walked just about everywhere. 
15169 The friendliest front desk staff that I have ever experienced.....always a friendly greeting when checking in or just walking past the front desk. 
15170 Terrrible! I can't find the words to discribe this..."hotel" very SMALL rooms, airconditioning did not worked, power went out, no elevators, dark, and for the price you pay, you can find something better. 
15171 i had my daughter stay at the hotel , they gave her a great room, she had nothing but positives about the whole stay. The staff was extremely responsive and helpful to my requests I would like to single out Jeesie as being top-notch 
15172 My stay for my birthday was fantastic, made me feel welcome and staff and location was excelent....i couldnt not complain and rooms were fantastic 
15173 exelente ubicacion ideal para recorrer manhatan al pedir una habitacion superior fue super comodo,al tener buenas dimensiones era muy reconfortante descansar alli luego de tanata caminata super super no hace falta gastar mas para estar comodo 
15174 This hotel is ideally located a short walk from the John Hancock Tower and the magnificent mile. The rates may have been low as it is brand new, but it was very comfortable, staff were very helpful. The rooms were pretty small though. 
15175 Good location in Lower East Side, near the museum. Nice walking area, and near the Williamsburg Bridge for a nice stroll to Brooklyn. Good $$ value. Not luxurious by any stretch. 
15176 NOT as represented; horrible rooms; extremely rude staff; unsafe environment; don't even consider staying here!!! 
15177 My husband and I stayed here when we got engaged. It was a wonderful hotel. Clean, not too noisy. The elevators were an adventure all by themselves. Once you figure it out though it's easy. The lobby was new and modern. Would definitely stay here again. 
15178 There were so many warm, friendly people at the Marriott Chicago Downtown Magnificent Mile made this stay great! From the bellman, Miguel, who was such a great embassador, to the concierge staff, to the housekeeping staff that helped make my visit memorable! 
15179 I stay in this hotel 2-3 times a year and because of its great location its a must stay if the rate is right. I was able to use the Executive Lounge which was not as crowded as usual this time. I will return. 
15180 Nice location in the city center, near shopping area and tourist attractions. Clean and spacious. 
15181 la posizione e' strategica le camere sono pulite ed abbastanza nuove. il prezzo non e' economico ma considerata la posizione e la cita' che vogliamo visitare e'in linea con la qualita' offerta. se avro'modo di ritornare a new york lo riprendero' in considerazione. 
15182 This is a good hotel with easy access to I10. It is clean and quiet. The rooms are of a good size. The services available are reliable. 
15183 Great staff - warm, friendly, very helpful. Fantastic rooms (great recent renovation) - cozy, well appointed, attractive yet functional. Great roof top bar. Great proximity to the park. Only problem was the room service menu was very limited and the gym was a bit too small. 
15184 Dit hotel ligt in Upper West Side tussen Amsterdam Avenue en Broadway in het rustigere deel van manhattan Goed hotel wel kort bed op een normale kamer verder alles aanwezig wat nodig is. Elke dag werd de kamer verschoond. 
15185 Good business hotel. Convenient location, good sized, clean rooms; everything works; okay equiped. Minor issues: sometimes A/C gets really noisy; bathrooms could be nicer, bed a bit firm for my taste (but that's just me!) Definitely to keep on the list if a good deal. 
15186 A small gem on the upper west side. Rooms and barhrooms are very small, but clean, comfortable and modern, The property looks recently remodeled. Great location, quiet, convenient. No breakfast, but Starbucks and Coffee Bean within a block. 
15187 Great hotel, NYC at Christmas, Great Location, What's not to like? 
15188 hotel sans pretention style 1930 mais propre situe en plein times square a une rue du metro, enfin je l'ai trouver super moi cet hotel voila @+ xelio 
15189 Hotel was a bit run down but clean. Walking distance to Navy Pier, magnificent mile shops, restaurants and two subway stations. Well priced, free parking. We would stay there again. 
15190 Stayed in Dumont - I had a very comfortable stay. Service was great. 
15191 If you book online you can get a great deal on price. They were extremely hospitable. The rooms were great, clean. Actually staying there a second time because I know it will be great. Awesome! 
15192 I recently stayed here with my boyfriend and although the hotel was nice, I didn't feel it was worthy of a number 1 ranking on trip advisor. There are many hotels in NYC that are better than this one. 
15193 We've stayed at several downtown hotels in Chicago. The Raffaello is in a great place just behind the the John Hancock Building. You can walk to everything. The rooms are great, recently remodeled. For the price, it's our first choice when staying downtown. 
15194 Great Hotel - great location. Super friendly staff - I'd definitely stay there again!! 
15195 WOW, I just loved this hotel just 1/2 block from Times Square. We had dinner at Nios and it was divine. The hotel's wine reception is wonderful! The rooms are clean and we had a corner room and it was super spacious. We loved the complementary coffee every morning! 
15196 Great hotel in perfect location. Just blocks to Times Square, but in a quieter location. Spotlessly clean. Large rooms by any standard, especially in Manhattan. Very service oriented staff, helpful and friendly. We were upgraded to a one bedroom suite on check in. 
15197 We hebben hier vier nachten geslapen. Schone kamer, mooie entourage, locatie is top en personeel is erg behulpzaam. Maar goed dat mag je voor dit geld ook wel verwachten. Al met al heerlijke dagen gehad. 
15198 Excellent property & exceptional staff! I stay at this property frequently and have hosted many events utilizing the meeting facilities. They always get it right!!! and take the stress out of meeting planning 
15199 Can't say enough about this hotel. Loved everything from the burger joint, to the hotel bar, to the cartoons running in the elevators. You can't beat its location nor the friendly staff. Excellent stay. 
15200 La parte migliore del nostro viaggio di nozze..eccellente davvero a tutti gli effetti...la camera e' davvero favolosa....dopo le lunghe passeggiate per New York dormire sui loro letti e' la ciliegina sulla torta....ancora non ho trovato un materasso migliore....;)!!!!Consigliatissimo!!!! 
15201 excellent emplacement juste a cote de Times Square. prix correct sans plus. les prestations repas sont cheres. Proprete a ameliorer dans les chambres. Vue exceptionnelle. Stationnement voiture pratique (via Icon) et bon marche compte tenu de l'endroit. 
15202 not impressed at all. an old hotel that had previously been a hot spot. not very many rooms were rented. room was ok for the price in the Houston area. bed was comfy and room was really quiet.hluhliugkuyf,kj/;ljtyeyrtdufkukjkp';5rd6ujkpptrsdfuuythj9p'p;dtrgklil'45scjukilk/d45yrdtjyho;ldfyjjhlolo{'fvkukjkp;o[p[;][jhfhtrdcuvtykjm,'p;'6trfvyukj,'['5fkikilk'['[']tdy54rdf5uyuj;opo[ plp5truyloiu;989880i[0i9uo8yt7tilrlo9ro9ro8ro7lupo{\]-r53suyijplp'[p234567tyuiop[]2qsdftyugihojkpl[qwertyuiop[ 
15203 Wolcott is a nice place. Clean rooms, TimeOut magazine every week, nice staff, great location, big TV set. The only thing I disliked was the hot water. Sometimes there wasn't enough of it. But that wasn't a big deal. 
15204 Highly recommend it, excellent location in a quite residential street, just 2 blocks from subway. I had to share a bathroom, but it was spotless all the time. Staff was extremely attentive. 
15205 Beautiful hotel near many Chicago attractions. Wonderful staff. Nice clean rooms. My only disappointment was they did not have in room coffee makers. Was happy to get a smoking room. Would stay there again 
15206 Pleasant room with a nice view Uptown. Everyone I dealt with was polite without being too formal and very helpful. Managed to get me a table at the Gramercy Tavern on very short notice. I'll go back. PH 
15207 we had a wonderful stay...the rooms were a bit small but we were not in them all day. the staff was helpful, the rooms clean and the breakfast was great. The location was the best...1/2 block from Times Square. Can't beat it for the price too. 
15208 The hotel is elegant and modern and close to many stores and restaurants. It is also very clean and the rooms are quite comfortable. The staff is courteous and frinedly- Loved it! I would definitely stay their again 
15209 it is not the most amazing place i have ever been, but perfect in the sense of pricing for what you get. it is close to Times Square and clean. i would recommend it if you are not too picky. 
15210 This was our 1st visit to New York. The hotel is excellent, friendly and great location. The hotel is a few metres from Times Square but so quiet. Tony's the restaurant was great, we shared a meal as so big. I would recommend this hotel to all my friends. 
15211 Excellent hotel. Very service oriented. Even had a goldfish in the room for my husband with a note from me as I requested. Beats any hotel we've stayed at in NYC. Would absolutely recommend and stay there again! 
15212 I've stayed at both the New York and Los Angeles Londons. They've figured out how to create a perfect balance of luxury and comfort without being pretentious. Smartly designed rooms with quiet colors, thoughtful amenities and a service-oriented staff. Always a pleasure to stay here. 
15213 We had 5 nights in this hotel. Had a great stay. Staff were friendly and serviceminded. 
15214 As not knowing this hotel, i booked a cheap single room, which can easily be compared with a prison cabin: Tiny, dirty horrible.After 2 nights changed into an expensive double-room, which was pretty and clean. No accomodations rude frontdesk-service after all. I recommend better not go! P.M. 
15215 Foul smelling... even for a non smoking room. Upon further inspection there was mold growing on the mattresses. There was also hair all over the sheets. 
15216 This property is on Time Square and convenient, rooms recently refurbished and comfortable, and meeting rooms were adequate. Would recommend for corporate meetings. 
15217 We had a wonderful stay at the Econo Lodge Time Square. This is our third time staying at this hotel and we will be going back. The beds are great and location is great. Nice continental breakfast. Natasha and the other ladies at front desk was very kind and helpful. 
15218 Very caring staff when checking in. They offered me an upgrade to a deluxe room which was very enjoyable when travelling during 12 hours. My room was nicely decorated, had a beautiful entrance corridor and a full mirorred bathroom(which was great by the way) 
15219 This place will never make you forget the Ritz-Carlton, but the staff is conscientious and friendly. Care and maintenance have been improved. Given the location, it's a really good value, 
15220 we were upgraded and recieved champagne and strawberries because we got engaged. A great hotel! 
15221 Location strategica, nel cuore di Manhattan. Molto accogliente, molto atmosfera night club ovvero molto buio, giorno e notte. Musica Ok, colazione non merita, Staff molto gentile e professionale. Stanze piccole, anche per Manhattan. Tutti i servizi possibili immaginabili in zona, a due passi. Convenzione con fitness centre di ottimo livello. 
15222 I shall never look for another hotel in NYC again. Every expectation exceeded in every way. You have to experience to understand. Hands down, the best hotel in NYC. 
15223 I have stayed there multiple times for business, it is centrally located for everything I need. I am also planning on staying there for personal trips as well. The best price in Manhattan, very knowledgeable people. 5 minutes to Times Square by foot! 
15224 Had a great time here. What a huge hotel! Service was top notch, and I enjoyed the staff. Location was prime, right in Rockafeller Center. My room was on the 50th floor, and faced south, could see the lights of Times Square. 
15225 This was our first trip to NYC to stay at this hotel and didn't know what to expect and what a great surprise. Friendly, helpful staff, beautiful room, and comfortable bed. Will stay again at same hotel when back to NYC. Would recommend this hotel to anyone. 
15226 We found the hotel to be quiet, comfortable, and with impeccable service. The staff were attentive, the concierge helpful, and the front desk staff ready to anticipate our needs. The restaurant, Gaby, is excellent for dining, whatever the hour. 
15227 Great city hotel. It offers the basics and suitable for people who feel young and lively. Very nice loudly lobby with free wireless where you could feel a New York citizen for a little. The stumptown coffee was the best that i have ever tried. 
15228 albergo verametne carino, comodo con la metropolitana e con il central park. tanta scelta in zona per mangiare la sera o anche solo per fare due passi. vicino alla zona dei musei. veramente consigliato 
15229 Love this hotel! Suite park view second to none. The restaurant was easy and very comfortable for our extended family. Room very expensive, though. 
15230 My husband & I have stayed before & I loved every moment we shared at the hotel including the restaurants. This time, the rooms were dirty, the service was slow, the food was marginal and the drinks were poor. We were very disappointed. We will not be back. 
15231 The location is great, beds are comfortable and continental breakfast convenient. 
15232 The hotel lives up to it's reputation. As a Diamond member with Hilton (at the time), I was upgraded and they sure don't disappoint! I took my daughters and my wife and they were impressed!!! 
15233 Stayed there on the weekend in november. Service was very average. Nothing special. Room was old and it need some TLC. Front desk staff were nice. Could use customer service training as a refresh. I guess the place needs renovation to compete with other luxury hotels. 
15234 Tres cher pour un niveau de prestations faible: chambres minuscules, deco triste (violet et marron), beaucoup de bruit (attention aux chambres donnant sur la soufflerie dans a cour), moyennement bien situe. 
15235 Great location. The room (#2004) was nicely designed, adequate space (although a very small bathroom), and clean. I found a great deal on the rate and had a great stay. 
15236 I used Travelocity's "Secret Hotels" and was pleasantly surprised at the booking. I would definitely stay at Morgans again! 
15237 Excellent stay at Chicago on Michigan Avenue. Great location. Staff was extremely helpful and pleasant. Rooms were clean, comfortable, elegant and understated. Gift shop well stocked. Strongly recommend. Would stay here again! 
15238 From being greeted upon arrival to the outstanding service of the housekeeping department, and one housekeeper in particular (Irene Mendoza), we were totally satisfied. Had business meetings on the 12th floor which were excellent. 
15239 Room was extremtly clean Beds very comfortable Front desdk staff corteousandf helpful Will stay hete again for sure Great value 
15240 Super location near theatre district and immediately adjacent to subway stop. Many and varied restaurants nearby. Great (and free) breakfast daily. Relatively quiet rooms. Decently appointed rooms. Friendly staff. Would definitely stay here again. 
15241 This really is a fantastic hotel. Location is perfect, rooms are wonderful, food is great and staff are friendly (by NY standards). I've stayed here umpteen times and i've thoroughly enjoyed every moment. 
15242 Posizione ottima.Si raggiunge Time Square a piedi in 10 minuti.Hotel estremamente pulito e ben curato.Staff gentile, sorridente e disponibile ad ogni ora. Non abbiamo provato il cibo.Io e i miei amici eravamo al piano 39 e la vista dalla stanza era fantastica.Consigliato. 
15243 The hotel is only 2 years old......The rooms were very clean and confortable. The staff was terrific......We love Broadway shows and shopping and this hotel was close to both. 
15244 Great location, large room for NY with king bed, desk, couch, ottoman, and TV. Large, clean bathroom. A/C and heat work. Nice lobby and staff. Yes, there were only 2 elevators, but did not cause any problems for us. Down bedding. Very comfortable and convenient. 
15245 We had a great stay - the suite accomodated our family with plenty of room especially for NYC. Room was clean and in nice condition. Service was quick and responsive. Location in Times Square was excellent. 
15246 I love the consistency I find with Best Western.This is a deal for the location but definitely not a 5 star hotel. Its convenient, clean and a comfy bed. The shower was LOUD and cig burns on side of tub 
15247 Everything is around you,,,shopping, movies, just to walk around its fun too,,,,I love NY,,,and Love this hotel 
15248 would like to have been better informed about check in process. called several times and was never informed about a 75 dollar deposit. the pool was dirty and so cold it was imposible to swim in. 
15249 The staff was extremely helpful and kind. Everyone had s smile and was willing to help. The rooms were clean and the view was amazing. I would definitely refer my family and friends here. 
15250 Het is een leuk hotel die heel centraal ligt bij veel bezienswaardigheden.Vlak bij opstap plaats van toeriste bus.goede tip is door veel te lopen naar de bezienswaardigheden zodat je veel ziet.Metro is snel en makkelijk, ziet dan minder. Leuke stad 
15251 Clearly you are paying for location- it is really really good. The hotel is too pricey for mini-box sized rooms. Make sure to get a room away from the elevators and make reservations for drinks. Multiple elevator changes makes it a long time to get to the room. 
15252 We loved the location it was reasonably quiet and it had the best supermarket across the street "Fairway Markets", 72nd street subway close by. We would stay there again. 
15253 If you want a great place to hang your hat in New York, the Hilton New York is it. The location is great. The rooms are small, but comfortable. For a large hotel, the rooms are quiet. You are walking distance to everything. You could pay hundreds more, but why? 
15254 Absolutely beautiful hotel, the service is excellent, the rooms are sensational, the most comfortable bed, easy to get around New York walking distance to Times Square, and other attactractions, we would recommend staying there for everyone , 
15255 Excellent location very close to metro stations, the NY harbour and battlefield park, the financial district and quite near Brooklyn Bridge. Room quite small, but clean and well equipped, staff helpful and all together a convenient hotel 
15256 Clean small business hotel with only double bed next to windows with view of downtown nyc. Inexpensive, friendly staff and ok bed. Plus self service laundry makes this little gem in nyc a rare find. Noisy as its literally next to rebuilding of the world trade center. 
15257 This hotel is in a very good location for people new to New York and people returning. The staff is very attentive and the rooms are nice. Have stayed here twice is last 2 months and will stay there again next time in the city. 
15258 Great location, beautiful hotel. Close toto everything. Made my New York experience complete. It is going through some renovations but that did not disrupt my experience. Highly recommend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
15259 I stayed in this hotel for only one night. Upon my arrival, I was greeted by two very friendly front desk clerks. The room was clean. It's an older hotel, so there was some wear and tear on things like the bathroom fixtures. Overall I was satisfied with the quality. 
15260 puedes meterte un moton en una habitacion y esta en el centro de manhattan y esta limpio, y seguro 
15261 This has to be one of the best hotels we have stayed. Best staff ever. They didn't hesitate with valuable info on where to eat and how to get places. The room was great. Will definitely stay here again. 
15262 I particularly liked Jenny Bytygi on reception who helped us when our booking had been inadvertently cancelled, she found us a room even when the hotel was full, thanks so much Jenny. The staff were always really helpful and friendly, top marks. 
15263 The staff was very helpful and friendly. The room service food was excellent. Concierge dinner recommentations were very good. The beds were comfortable. Very good balance of value and service for NYC. Only downside was elevator wait at a peak time on one day of my stay. 
15264 The hotel is in a great Manhattan location, very easy to access, and just an easy experience all around. 
15265 Great hotel, great location, friendly staff, will definitely recommend it to others 
15266 Nestled amongst luxury hotels. Good value for the size of the accommodation. 
15267 Prices are very high but there are few services. No newspaper, No Platinum services, tiny rooms, no checkout folio. Restaurant is not run by the hotel and is extortionately priced for very little. Luckily, there are hosts of excellent restaurants nearby and it is beside Carnegie Hall. 
15268 Great staff. Room was a bit small, but was clean, well-appointed and comfortable. We will stay here again. 
15269 We flew in to Hou and were promptly picked up by the courtesy shuttle. Our room was clean and neat. We had the breakfast buffet which included potatoes, scrambled eggs, Belgian waffles, bacon, sausage, breads, cereal and more! All the staff were pleasant. 
15270 The hotel is in decent conditions but the location - while close to the subway - is quite odd. Surrounded by nothing other than Chinatown. Rooms are absolutely tiny. 
15271 Tough to find something for a family of 5 (3 kids). This hotel is very well-located, has everything needed. Comfortable and clean. Staff efficient. I recommend. 
15272 I have stayed here several times; it is a wonderful location (walking distance to the central park, museums and next to a subway station) with very nice rooms and great service.. would highly recommend it 
15273 Great service...Really good service. The front desk were very accomodating to our needs. At night we had a friend who has fallen ill. Called them and they immediately brought us water. Really really helpful throughout! Thanks! 
15274 Hilton Garden Inn Time Square on 7th Ave is a great place to stay. Very clean. Staff is wonderful and very helpful. They gave great suggestion on places to visit. Great location. Restaurant connceting hotel is VERY good. 
15275 I liked this hotel... neat and decent sized rooms (considering it is Manhattan) - warm staff who made me feel welcome, and a set of good restaurants close by to chose from for dinner - 
15276 me gusto la cercania de los malls, restaurantes, museo, en definitivo si no vas a usar taxi, puedes quedarte en el, las habitaciones estaban bien y la limpieza tambien., volveria otra vez si voy a new york 
15277 Everything in the Hotel ZaZa was first class...from check in to check out, even the after work dining was amazing...keep up the great work. The stylish, sheik, and SEXXY! 
15278 The location of this hotel was perfect - blocks away from Michigan Avenue and Millenium Park. Parking was expensive so look into this if you are renting a car. 
15279 I got caught by their website, but reality is very much different! Room on the first floor, window facing a wall with stair case, very dark, very noisy AC, decoration very old! TOOOO expensive! Hilton Times square nearby 100 times better.. 
15280 Daniel, the doorman, was phenomenal! He was incredibly helpful, friendly, and very nice. If every hotel had service like he provides, all stays would be wonderful. Thank you, Daniel, for your hard work and help! 
15281 the room is nice and clean but the hotel is close to the road so not too quiet at night. 
15282 The rooms are really small but really well decorated, but what we expected - it's New York!!! Good Bed with very good fabric. Breakfast is very simple. Really good options to park the car, ask when check-in or when booking. 
15283 I recently attended a conference at the Swissotel and really enjoyed the hotel. Great location, especially getting on/off Lakeshore. Rooms were clean and very nice. Hotel has a nice bar and restaurant, and is in walking distance from many great Chicago restaurants. 
15284 We recently visited NYC for the first time. The location was great - attractions very accessible- within walking distance for most - quiet, clean neighborhood - room was spacious and bed very comfortable. Would reccommend to anyone and look forward to staying there again 
15285 What a great Hotel ! My wife and I visited New York from May 28/11 to June 2nd/11 .We found the price excellent and the service even better 
15286 Free breakfast a plus and a great start to the day 
15287 Love Joe the bellman ! Always a smile and helpful. 
15288 This hotel is in a great location with comfortable rooms and good service. The meeting room was also very spacious and well appointed. My only concern was that the internet connection was pretty slow. 
15289 The rooms at this hotel are very nice. Large marble bathrooms. Service is okay. Overall this is a quiet, nice place to stay. 
15290 We stayed in this beautifully modern hotel !! The manager , front desk personnel , guest services personnel ... Everyone was fantastic !! Teresa, Carly and Matt took great care of us .. The rooms are beautiful .. We felt respected and plan to keep coming here .. 
15291 I have been staying at this hotel, when I travel to Chicago, for nearly ten years now. The rooms are clean and in good repair, the price is unbeatable for a downtown Hotel and the location is awesome. 
15292 Is a great hotel, very friendly staff. Rooms are a bit small, but wasn't in NYC to sit in my room :-) Great location. Would stay here again. 
15293 Location excellent for business travelers. Very helpful staff. Rooms small but very well-appointed and immaculate. Small restaurant useful for lunch--nice menu. It would be an improvement if the fitness center had an exercycle. 
15294 This hotel is very basic, but you don't go to NYC to sit in your hotel room. The location is fantastic. 100m from the centre of Times Square. Accommodation was clean and comfortable. Staff were great. We would definately stay there again!!! 
15295 The rooms are set up nearly identical an apartment! Very nice & spacious with full kitchens. The breakfast in the morning was great. Great pool that reaches a depth of 8 feet! Two basketball hoops & a volleyball net! 
15296 If you use hilton honors make sure to show them upon check in. They will give you a couple little extras for your stay. 
15297 Great Hotel, bargain price. Robert was extremely helpful at the front desk. Excellent service. 
15298 This is a good hotel for a simple business trip in downtown Chicago. Not luxurious but adequate for my needs. The staff are always very friendly and helpful, rooms very clean, food quality very good. 
15299 We loved the hotel. Smack in the middle of everything! The room was the largest room I have ever had in NY. Everything is up to date, clean, bright etc. Parking is next door ($35 per day). Other than the 12.99 per day internet fees. It was perfect!! 
15300 netjes en professioneel, volgens mij was er zelfs een zwembad maar dat weet ik niet meer helemaal zeker 
15301 Hotel molto ben posizionato (molto vicino sia a Central Park che a Times square) che insiste in una street tranquilla e poco caotica. Molto gentile e cortese il personale alla reception. Due linee della subway facilmente raggiungibili. 
15302 Ideal location if you want to enjoy Chicago summer! Access to the lake and it's beaches make it the most wanted hotel in chi town! It's away from everything else so would not recommend for a first time visitor. But all subsequent stays, this place is definitely worth a shot! 
15303 Good location. Small but nice rooms.Very noisy rooms due to paper thin walls. Very unhelpful hotel staff. We bought broadway tickets from the front desk agent and he blatently lied about ticket availability and charged us double face value 
15304 Clean new room - polite people - great service. We spet one night there (yes, you CAN reserve a room for just one night!) and definitely come back. 
15305 We stayed for 4 nights at the Waldorf Astoria!! Great location -you can walk to alot of different sites ! Comfortable bed and very friendly staff! Highly recommend it! 
15306 This was a fantastic way to spend a night on the town. The concierge organized our dinner at a local Italian restaurant around the Broadway play and we were given a free dessert, compliments of the Hotel. 
15307 Every time I travel I hope there's a Kimpton hotel close by. I've yet to have a bad experience in a Kimpton hotel - from room, to location, to service - it's consistently good. Eventi was no different! Stay here if you're needing to stay in Chelsea. 
15308 New York,prima tappa del mio viaggio di nozze,citta' meravigliosa,nei nostri 4 giorni di permanenza abbiamo alloggiato all'hotel jolly madison,nel quartiere di Manhattan,posizione ottima,hotel pulito,molto ben organizzato,gentilissimi e cortesi,e soprattutto cosa ottima parlano l'italiano;colazioni sia modello nostro che modello americano,super forniti,che dire ve lo straconsiglio!!!!! 
15309 We were very happy with the accommodations. It was my friend's first visit to NYC and she will definitely stay there again. The rooms were clean and the beds were comfortable. Several rooms were being renovated during our visit on the 5th floor. 
15310 I would't call Morgans a hotel as there's no bar or restaurant. Location is great and rooms really cool (though interior -quiet - ones are dark). Only hotel (out of 8) in US which charged me for WiFi in room. 
15311 Great check in service Nice friendly front desk person.Room was ready and waiting with AC on. Great Room.. NOT very Motorcycle friendly. 
15312 On such a cold and windy day, I enjoyed the fact it includes a full breakfast. Bar overlooks a view of the hustle and bustle outside without the noise or the crowds. Beds are extremely comfortable and room layout is very comfortable. 
15313 The receptionist Regina was very helpful!! I was having some issues with getting a room and she was so great about it!! I am having the best time!!! 
15314 Another great week at the W Times Sq! Between the location, the awesome staff and the luxury feel of this brand, the W Times Sq is probably my favorite W anywhere! Thanks Patrick for always making us feel special! 
15315 the folks at the hotel were absolutely great. my mom made a couple of requests that were immediately taken care of. they were also polite and friendly. everything was clean and the bed linens were very nice. 
15316 Stayed in the hotel for 3 nights. Very nice and clean hotel. Wonderful breakfast. The rooms have fantastic view! The GYM is nice but too small and gets full. The major disadvantage - no free wi-fi in the rooms - unbelievable - in the middle of NY... 
15317 Stayed here for 4 nights on first visit to New York. Recommended for location. Easy to walk to Times Square and subway. Area poorly lit at night. Rooms small but clean. Bed although comfortable soft in the middle. Front desk staff friendly and helpful. 
15318 Gemakkelijke ligging, continental ontbijt inbegrepen, kortom perfect hotel voor kort verblijf 
15319 I've stayed at several hotels along the river and the Westin is still one of the best. The location is great, the rooms are great, and Sam at the gym is an awesome trainer. I highly recommend the hotel, and go to the gym! 
15320 We stayed 5 nights at teh Night hotel in April. Although the rooms are small, they are well equipped, funky and very comfortable. The hotel location is great, just off Times Square. The staff were also very helpful, assisting with travel arrangements and restaurant bookings. Would recommend to all 
15321 I have stayed here every time I come to H-Town, and I always feel like at home, the staff makes this possible, all I can say is thank you and I'll see you all again soon. Irma I. Perez 
15322 Really enjoyed our stay here. Walking distance to major attractions and easy to get on/off the subway. Rooms are immaculate and generously sized, though decor is a little dated. Only caution is no Wifi and it's expensive to buy access. Would absolutely stay here again. 
15323 Hotel is convenient location, very good restaurant, rooms clean but small. 
15324 Feels like you're on a ship - narrow halls, tiny rooms, great front desk. Incredible location - close to river, highline, west village, etc. Very quiet. Really nice cafe. 
15325 Attended to all our needs even thoug we were not the high paying customers !!! In the center of Chicago with thw ability to go all around the city from this place. They gave us directions and help to every place in the city. (even Wrigley Field) 
15326 We have stayed to many, and this comes to the top of the list. Location, location, location...and best beds ever slept in. Very accomodating staff. I cannot wait to return. 
15327 The hotel has a great location; the staff (including Brian the Doorman) provided wonderful help when needed; the lobby is a trip; bed is comfortable; bathroom is small, nice design, and functional; room is very small; only complaint is only two small drawers in closet for clothes. 
15328 A nice place to stay. Very clean, quiet and relaxing. Very helpful & courteous. Will definitely stay again when in Houston. 
15329 Very helpful and friendly staff and management with a great location. Enjoyed our stay. My wife and I have returned several times whenever we are visiting our family in the area. 
15330 Great location, nice service, but the shape of the room was a bit odd and the bed was hard yet not firm. I had a terribly sore back the next day. Not sure that I would stay here again unless I could get a bed with a better mattress. 
15331 Great location was the main reason for our choice, but our stay was enhanced by friendly staff, excellent accomodation and service. Was given a free mug as a souvenir of a great stay! No hesitation in recommending it to you. Enjoy! 
15332 Clean safe and reasonably comfortable. The room size is small but that's the compromise to save $50-100. For a single traveler it seems well worth it. 
15333 No noise at all in the midle of New York!Very helpsome workingpeople. We will go there next time too. Cleaning was very good. Just go there, no need for anyone nereby 
15334 Great location and atmosphere--very well designed. Our only complaint was the basic room amenities--iron, phone, etc did not work. We may have had just a bad room. However, the bed quality was fabulous--great comfort!! Overall we would stay again. 
15335 the hotel is nice , front desk are very helpfull and friendly but the rooms are small overall it's really was a great experiences and i would love to stay in this hotel again and again 
15336 Have stayed here multiple times, and going back in 2 days. We love the downtown location- easy to subways, quieter than midtown. Rates are good for NYC. Easy access to TriBeca, SoHo, Lower East Side and Brooklyn Bridge 
15337 Un emplacement vraiment exceptionnel, proche de tous les sites sites touristiques de NYC. Un personnel d'une vraie gentillesse. Prix plus qu'abordable compte tenu de l'emplqcement (en plein Times Square). Seul bemol : les chambres trop petites. 
15338 Amazing views from hotel, very modern, stuff very helpful, near all attractions, millenium park, michigan Ave., the Navy Pier all within walking distance.. Will definetly go back again. The view from our room was stunning, could see the lake and the Chicago River. 
15339 Sheer Elegance! The hotel is beautifully decorated and the staff is wonderful! Returning soon. 
15340 What an unexpected delight. The hotel suite was two separate rooms and was decorated in a lovely way. The kitchenette was nice with a full fridge. Only complaint is that there was no bottled water to buy or have as a guest amenity. Wonderful location near Columbus circle 
15341 Pulito e con bagno di buone dimenisoni vista la media degli hotel economici di NY. Unica pecca, personale di servizio un po' evanescente: in 10gg non siamo riusciti a farci aprire la cassaforte in camera. Servizio di pulizia giornaliero puntuale e ben fatto. Rapporto qualita' prezzo comunque eccezionale. 
15342 The hotel is in a great location, the staff is friendly and very service-oriented. We were in a business trip, my colleagues and I had a great time. My only complaint is the Palm restaurant, it is expensive and the food not very good. 
15343 bon hotel et bon accueil chambre tres petite mais propre et tres bon petit dejeuner petit bemol chambre tres petite et refectoire egalement tres petit pour la taille de hotel(14etages) 
15344 We had a Superior Queen room, which was a good size. Free internet. Wonderful breakfast is included and served until 11am. The Black Duck Restaurant is attached to the hotel....great for sitting outside and people-watching. You can catch the subway on the corner. 
15345 Overall the hotel was ok. Great location to everything nyc has to offer. Only complaint is the wall where thin you can hear everything that is going on in the rooms next to you. I had a budget room, which came with a bed, dresser and a shared bathroom. 
15346 My wife and I loved it! The room was small but we weren't in there much. One of the best mattresses I've ever slept on!! We were on the 3rd floor and heard NO street noise. Nice updates! 
15347 We cannot say enough wonderful things about the Palace. From the EXCELLENT service to the AMAZING location. New York is THE place and Palace is THY name!!! 
15348 This hotel must be surviving on the name. While the lobby is very pretty in an "old world" kind of way, the rooms are outdated and the one we had was very small. We won't be staying here again...too many other fantastic hotels in Chicago. 
15349 I stayed at the Hyatt for two nights in March. Rooms were decent and clean, and the location is good....just 1 block from Michigan Ave. many resturants are just a short walk as is shopping. 
15350 Great location, above the Shake Shack a block from Times Square. Quiet, good service and you don't hear the noise from Times Square 
15351 Brilliant value for money, with brilliant views from the 21st floor! Very good service and perfect for our first New York city break, would definatly book again. Perfect location to be in the heart ofNew York. 
15352 O hotel fica num lugar bem central em Manhattan. Vale a pena 
15353 Great staff, great bed, nice room. About a 25 minute walk to Downtown. You have a 24 hour Dominicks and Walgreens just besides the hotel. Ice machine in each floor. Theres a Business room were you have computer, wifi and printer. You find a ride to the airport very easy. 
15354 Great location opposite central park. Ideal for shops. South gate bar was tranquil spot for quiet drink overlooking park. Room a little cramped. Staff very helpful. 
15355 Beautiful Hotel, excellent service. There is a safe running track on the grounds,3 beautiful pools, a full gym with an indoor basketball court. Very nice guests at the pool. So much nicer than the Four Seasons. 
15356 everything excellent except the hotel interior design (bit old) :) but lobby design is good 
15357 Millennium Broadway is a typical four star hotel. The lobby and location is excellent (50 meters from Times Square). The rooms are very good and clean. The service is ok. We can strongly recommend this hotel for travellers who are looking for a good stay at a great location. 
15358 Rates can vary considerable so check for different dates. Check-in can be a little chaotic. 
15359 We just spent two days at this Residence Inn. The room was huge by Chicago hotel standards. The facility was very clean. The one problem that we encountered was heat control. Even with the heat turned off we had to open a window to cool the room for sleeping. 
15360 Great service, Fabulous historic hotel, nice display in the lobby. Try the brunch at Oscar's, egg casserole was great! 
15361 Enjoyed the centrally located hotel in the Times Square Precinct close to all the activities, walking distance from the must see - theatres, museums, bus, etc. Old and charming, clean, friendly affordable accommodation 
15362 This business travelers' "member" chain opens to the public on weekends and slow days. Clean, friendly. Great deal for downtown Chicago. Tiny, non-descript rooms. If value tops comfort. check this out. Nice three block walk to Art Institute. Self-parking discount around the corner; the bellman will direct you. 
15363 Just back with 8 Friends from this Hotel. Hotel is perfect for a trip to New York as it is the centre of everything. Irish Breakfast is superb Staff are great and we will go back. 
15364 This was our first time in NYC and we loved it which helped finishing the day at such a comfortable hotel located in a great location and very friendly staff. Would definitely stay there again! Thanks so much Gild Hall. 
15365 Room was nice & clean. Staff friendly & helpful. Within walking distance of good shops & deli cafes. Their breakfast & week day social hour with snacks was good. A BIG thank you to Jamie & best concierge Elliott!!! 
15366 Good location! Nice staff...rooms a bit on the smaller side (we are a family of four). Would stay again, it was a good stay. 
15367 nice, clean, free breakfast, nice people, reasonable price, nice neighborhood, three blocks to subway 
15368 The stay was good. Didnt have any problems. They let me check in early and I could walk to all the broadway shows. Could walk to NBC and Grand Central Station too. 
15369 I loved the location I can get anywhere from the hotel 
15370 stopped overnight and used reward points. Dirty carpet, after walking on the carpet my shoes left marks on the bathroom floor. Desk clerk complained about how tired she was, (that's Chicago). Free shuttle from the Airport. Close to a few restaurants. 
15371 Wonderful stay! Cleanest rooms in NYC! Great staff! Very quiet, luxurious, and elegant. I will definitely stay here again. 
15372 One of the reasons I wanted to stay in this hotel was because it advertised a fridge in the room. Our refrigerator was broken. I asked FOUR times for it to be fixed and it never was. Wouldn't go back. 
15373 Nothing to hate but nothing to like. Only two elevators and one out of service. The room was very small. Hotel clean but checked out after one night. Valet parking a rip off and no in and out priviledges. 
15374 Ci siamo trovati benissimo,perche' la posizione dell'hotel e' centralissima,hotel molto pulito,con cambio di asciugamani giornaliero,ottima la colazione di "Capitan cafe" annesso all'hotel,ci ritorneremmo volentieri. 
15375 An older Westin but very nice. Super customer service. Good restaurant with good service also. 
15376 Ottimo hotel, anche se un piccolino a confronto i bestioni nei paraggi... Un Po troppo kitch per i miei gusti, ma tutto sommato buon hotel!! Unico neo la pulizia nn e impeccabile per il resto ok 
15377 This was our first trip to New York, But not our last. It was exciting The hotel is just a block away from Central Park, which we spent 2 days exploring A short walk from Time Square Which we spent every day exploring All in all a Great get away. 
15378 We got a deal on priceline, and paid the extra $30 for a view room with the "pure" air treatment. Rooms are small, but comfortable, clean, and well appointed. The beds and shower were very comfortable. Great location, and the bellmen will hold your bags for the day after checkout. 
15379 Fantastic location - just blocks from Broadway shows, Times Square. Quite reasonable for the location. Room was clean and larger than most NY hotel rooms. I will definitely stay here again! 
15380 My husband and I stayed here last March and we enjoyed ourselves. The room, not surprisingly for NYC, was rather small, but it was clean and modern. The service was outstanding. We enjoyed the relatively quiet Upper East Side location and short walk to Central Park. 
15381 Great place. Great location. Would stay again without question. Enjoyed large 2 twin bed room with twin roll away bed. 
15382 I'm in NYC every month but I decided to take the girlfriend with me. Excellent staff, very helpful. Rooms were clean and spottless. Location was perfect, walking distance to Times square. Ill be back for sure. 
15383 Buon albergo situato nella parte nord ovest di hells kitchen, vicino ai posti "classici" di New York (musei, central park, etc.), all'interno di un quartiere pieno di locali e ristoranti. Camere ok, piccola sala fitness, wifi gratuito, personale gentile, vicino alla metro, ottima posizione. Consigliabile per il rapporto qualia' prezzo. 
15384 This is a great hotel. I treated my boyfriend to a night in NYC for his 35th Birthday and we stayed at this hotel. Great place, great service and a great staff. I highly recommend this hotel. 
15385 Big, old, in need of massive overhaul: Room smelt of cigarettes. Blinds/curtains wouldn't shut. Central heating making loud noises in the night - enough to wake you up. Walls thin so can hear the large student groups staying in the hotel all night. Clean enough and good location. 
15386 No hesitation in recommending this hotel. Have stayed here on numerous occasions and if anything, this lovely hotel just gets better and better. Good location, excellent attentive staff and very comfortable rooms - reasonably priced too. 
15387 Romms should have coffee makers...even the cheapest hotels (this one was not cheap) have coffee makers and complimentary coffe in the rooms. 
15388 The Roosevelt Hotel lobby is filled with old world charm. The lobby during the Christmas holidays makes you feel like you are part of the 1950's. Staff is very friendly and hotel accommodations very nice. The hotel is located close to Rockefeller Center, St. Patrick's Cathedral, etc. 
15389 Nice place to stay and the location is great. Little things like internet and using the business center are extra though. 
15390 Cool hotel, cozy, not so modern but clean and good rooms, you come here for the excellent location, but most of all for the mystique that surrounds this hotel, almost as you can feel ghosts around you. Beds could have been more soft 
15391 Nice hotel. Would recommend to others. Pretty close to the shopping mile and the pier. Extremely pleasant staff all around. If I had one issue the pool is almost so tiny you may laugh. Good place for families. 
15392 Great location right on times square, hotel staff very helpful and friendly! Will be back next year!! 
15393 Stayed in 2 apartments with 3 of us in each. Very spacious but a bit tired decor wise. Beds very comfortable. Staff helpful and the location is great, a short walk from the subway. Good value for money compared to a hotel. 
15394 Clean rooms, efficient staff, almost unhuman levels of efficiency. Great hotel in NYC! 
15395 Really enjoyed this hotel. Great location near a variety of subways. Given the heat wave the great a/c was much appreciated. Loved the free water and wireless internet. Also liked having a small fridge and micro in the room. Will definitely stay here again. 
15396 This hotel is fantastic! Excellent that it is off Times Square. Rooms were nice and comfortable and I loved the lobby! Will be going to this hotel again whenever I have a trip back to New York! Staff are also excellent! 
15397 I had to choice but to stay here as everything was booked. Its noisy, outdated, the staff are not friendly. Its the worst business hotel ever more like 2 star hotel. would never return. U hardly get any decent toiletries, rooms are not nice, it needs a huge uphaul 
15398 Arrived early and was able to check my bags and pre-register. The front desk was helpful and friendly. Room was a little small but nice. Room was on the 43rd floor. Fast elevator ride. Great view of the Saturday night fireworks at the Navy Pier. Comfortable beds. 
15399 My wife and I were booked there by a company I deal with. Comfortable hotel, kind staff but expensive. Small gym small reception hall and rooms are old fashioned furnished with a style though. 
15400 From the moment I first walked into the Harlem Aloft, I felt right at home. The hotel was sexy and sleek!! Customer Service at the hotel was EXCELLENT!!! I will return to have few drinks at the WXYZ bar and stay for more than just one night!!! Happy Hotel Guest!!! 
15401 The room was clean! Excellent location (close to subway, Madison Square Park, Chelsea Market, the Highline Park). Everyone on the staff was friendly and more than helpful. Accommodations were sufficient for the price of the hotel. I would stay again. 
15402 The service was impecable, the staff very friendly and helpful, the rooms and hotel very clean! Lush bedding! Location was perfect! 
15403 The Doubletree is comfortable, friendly and accomplished - good size rooms with good facilities, an efficient business centre and friendly, helpful staff. Definitely recommended for stays in NYC. We were stuck here during the Ash cloud debacle and staff were supportive and sympathetic. Recommended. 
15404 Always a pleasure to return to this lovely, friendly hotel. When the doorman says, 'Welcome home.' when we return, he really means it and it feels that way. Not to be missed. 
15405 in the right location, very good value, good breakfast 
15406 Friendly Service, Convenient, and a touch of class is what comes to mind. With all things considered, I would say the hotel is probably best value you your buck. 
15407 The Grand Hyatt is a smart, big hotel in a big city, but we were pleasantly surprised by the caring attitude so many of the staff members. We accidentally left our camera in the room on departure and that, for us, major problem was quickly and competently solved. 
15408 Nice weekend in NYC, enjoyed the stay at the hotel, especially because of the friendly service provided by Ms Louise Rechlis. Thank you very much for everything! 
15409 Good location, nice and clean room. Staff was very polite. Only negative - I cannot agree to pay for wireless internet in 21-st century 
15410 This is the perfect little place to stay in mid town - every square inch is perfectly accounted for. Super clean, very friendly and helpful staff, reasonable rates. 
15411 Wow this hotel is not only in a great location, 40 ft off of Times Square but also is very clean and nice! I had never stayed in a W before, but look forward to it again. 5 star all the way- 
15412 This is my 8th stay, pleasant as usual. Just wish they get the free wireless in the lobby back soon. They used to have that at the beginning of the year. Love the power breakfast buffet!! Fernando is fantastic!! 
15413 Excellent hotel.. wanted to stay here many times and finally got the chance.. it was great and will def return! 
15414 For our 25th anniversary, the hotel upgraded us to a corner suite on one of the top floors! Amazing view! Amazing hotel! 
15415 I stayed for new years and had the most delicious hash brown that were infused with rosemary! OUTSTANDING!! 
15416 This is an old hotel with a very good location, walking distance to Time Square. What i most like about the hotel is that the beds are very large and there is a kitchentte in the room. Internet is a bit problematic. 
15417 Uitstekende locatie! Vriendelijke staff, kamers wel aan de kleine kant, maar OK. 
15418 My 10 year old son and I stayed here when we went to see an Astros game. Very beautiful hotel, extremely "baseball-themed", but in a classy way. Everyone was very nice, room service was quick. We didn't want to leave! 
15419 Stayed on 4th July. The beds are comfortable. Rooms are nice n clean. Good value for money 
15420 Well located, big rooms, kitchen, helpful staff (Ms.Negesti is one of them). It was not the first time I stayed at the Eastgate Towerand certainly not the last. Great value! 
15421 I stayed at the London NY for four nights and liked it a lot. The strong points are: location, spacious, nicely designed, and functional rooms, good service/cleaning, and reasonable price. I did not particularly like their pragmatic concept of the reception lobby area: no seating arranged, people use steps, etc. 
15422 I found this hotel a gem in a great Manhattan location. A plus is the option to find street parking instead of paying $30 or more a night for parking. The staff was courteous, helpful and friendly. The rooms quiet, comfortable and clean. 
15423 Check in was simple and efficient. Room was basic and functional. Location was OK. 
15424 We found this hotel to be clean and well furnished. The staff were all extremelly pleasant and the food was good. The glass elevators are an experience in themselves - if you like rollercoasters, you'll love them - otherwise they can be a bit scary. 
15425 As always The Peninsula hotels live up to all expectations. Service was great and very helpful concierge. location is fantastic. Our suite was spacious and comfortable. 
15426 The room was tiny but big enough for one person. Bed was huge, tv could have been better, and bathroom was small. Maids were very attentive to make sure to clean the room and change the sheets. 
15427 Amazing architecture 
15428 Interesting and helpful staff 
15429 Killer desserts 
15430 So close to jacuzzi for trade shows and events. If you don't stay here when you come to new York- you will truly miss a great hotel experience 
15431 What a cute boutique hotel. So intimate and personal. Great location. Service was extremely friendly. It was nice to see the General Manager , John, walking around and talking with the guests. Nice restaurant bar too. 
15432 Een aanrader! Goede prijs-kwaliteit verhouding voor een net, centraal gelegen hotel in een dure stad, dan nemen we een gedeelde (schone!) badkamer op de koop toe. Aardige mensen bij receptie. Slechts 2,5 blok van Union Square met een metrostation knooppunt. 
15433 stay somewhere else if you can afford it. Rooms are tiny,dirty,poorly lighted and noisy. There is supposed to be security on site but people still worked on their car at 2:00am or partied all night. 
15434 Das Hotel gilt ls super hip, und liegt im angesagten Meaat Packing District. Die Lage ist zwar unschlagbar, der Blick ebenso und das Personal ist nicht nur gut aussehend, sondern auch sehr zuvorkommend, Die Zimmer sind allerdings sehr und rechtfertigen nicht den Preis. 
15435 The staff are very helpful & Friendly able to book transport to the airport. Located on a quiet street. Very clean & comfortable rooms. Location is ideal for Times Square, Bars & Restaurants. Would stay again on our next trip to NY 
15436 its nice and clean & in the midle of down town chicago. big room very good service, stylish view was awesome to se lake michigan.we have fun time deauring our sty in the hotle and the city of chicago is great one of my favrot city in the world 
15437 Great hotel for the price. Superb location 80th/Broadway. Rooms small and basic however, one comes to NYC to be out and about. If you prefer brand hotels skip this. If you're willing to be flexible it's great value. 
15438 Ottimo per la posizione; veramente a qualche passo da Times square e di fronte alla fermata della metropolitana. La nostra camera, al nono piano, era pulita, spaziosa e silenziosa. Il personale gentile, disponibile e professionale. Secondo la mia esperienza, consiglio vivamente questo hotel. Emiliano. 
15439 The hotel is in a great location. You have the metro station minutes away, as well as Mcdonalds, Starbucks, Wall greens and Dunkin Donuts. Central is also within walking distance. The staff were very friendly and helpful and made our stay very enjoyable. 
15440 I just wanted to say thanks for helping to make my party fantastic on Saturday night. Everyone had a great time. The venue was perfect, the staff was friendly and warm, the drinks were delicious (especially the St.Germain Royale!)all in all a huge success!!! I will definitely be back!!! 
15441 OMG what a fab hotel in the heart of Times Square. Amazing luxury, very helpful staff and the rooms are secon to none. Will definitely be goi8ng back. 15 mins from Macys', Broadway a stones' throw. The hustle and bustle of Times Square is ewlectric. 
15442 Friendly staff. Very good internet service, wonderful room and pool. And, warm cookies!! Lots of dining options within a short walk or quick drive. We were just here for one night and would stay here again if we were in the area. 
15443 I stayed there based on the other reviews and I have to say they are very accurate. Staff is great, rooms very well maintaned and the location is fantastic. Please, go to ginos east on your first day!! 
15444 Loved the location. You're litterally right in the middle of all there is to do. Spend the extra bucks for the pricey rooms, it'll be worth it, trust me. 
15445 La verdad el hotel super bien ubicado, caminando a todas partes, habitaciones grandes y muy confortables. Ideal. Optima relacion calidad precio. Recomendable 100% 
15446 I cancelled my reservation there as my trip plans changed and they charged my card anyway. When I called to straighten out they asked me for the cancellation number. Since I didn't had it they mantained the charge saying I didn't cancel. 
15447 Excellent service and wonderful lake view. Accomidations recerntly updat4ed and modern. Lobby has inviting feel 
15448 Loved the history, quiet...very comfortable. Hated not having free wifi without having to sign up for club... Which I found out online the day we were leaving. Great curb service for taxis... Whistles and wool coats were classic!! For the prices, shouldn't nickel and dime folks, though. 
15449 South end of Times Square. Good breakfast set up w made to order eggs. Room is clean and updated. I liked it and would stay again. 
15450 Stayed here while visiting New York. Beautiful hotel, great food and very comfortable rooms.. staff could have been a bit friendlier though ! 
15451 One of the best stays I've had in Chicago! I've stayed at just about every four star hotel on the Magnificient Mile. The Felix is right up there. Clean rooms, excellent staff, comfortable bed 
15452 Great place, great location. Nice facilities and good service. Very practical for business. I would return anytime. Modern rooms. 
15453 This hotel is located in a great area for sightseeing in Manhatten. Hotel itself was very nice with nice decor. Lounge was excellent. restaruant far too expensive even for breakfast. Rooms were small and cramped and a bit old/run down for the price paid. 
15454 Stayed here for 4 days, brilliant location. Didn't have to get on one subway- all major tourist attractions walking distance. Our travel agent messed up our reservation too but the hotel staff were very helpful and made our stay enjoyable! 
15455 this hotel is extra super good !!! it is located on the park avenue, on the 61st street. close to the downtown, close to the park !! the hotel rooms are so roomy and so comfy, looking at a amazing view !! simply perfect!! visit it !!!!!!!!!!! 
15456 Really enjoyed the Club Lounge experience - the food was great. You can't beat the breakfast and the coffee whenever you want it. The location is prime if you are doing the Time's Square tourist scene. The room was nice and quiet amid the busy nightlife. 
15457 Just got back from a three day weekend at the Iroquois. We visit NYC every few years and this time we went to celebrate our 33rd anniversary. We had a great stay. Room was ready early, clean, and the hotel location was excellent. 
15458 My wife and in stayed at the Omni Bearkshire on Febuary 11. The newly remodeled hotel provided nicely appointed rooms. The staff was pleasant and helpful. Not a bad deal for the price. 
15459 If you need to stay in Times Square, I'd recommend this hotel. The room was very quiet and there was plenty of space for an NYC room. It's definitely not the nicest Hilton but mid-range compared to others. 
15460 Uno dei migliori hotels sperimentati a NY, posizione ottima, struttura non troppo grande, stanza confortevole e pulita, bagno non molto grande ma pulitissimo, personale cortese e disponibile, ottima la colazione, compresa nel prezzo ed il servizio internet wifi free, senza limitazioni, in tutta la struttura dell'hotel 
15461 This hotel is a peaceful oasis in the heart of the bustling city. During my stay with a series of meetings, this hotel was very nice for my relaxation. I would like to thank the whole team of reception and concierge for help during my stay. 
15462 Love this hotel, great customer service, refreshing breakfast!! Suite #1801 rocked. Very quiet and great view of freedom tower. Would definitely stay here again! Very clean and no bugs!!!! 
15463 Loved this hotel...very unique, service was top notch, and the ambiance was romantic and totally old New York. Quiet location, but great access to all the best areas. Highly recommend it; you won't be disappointed!! 
15464 The location is superb. The service is exceptional. Rick's Cafe is a gem.-a full continental breakfast and wine/champagne treat at 5:00 was great. Just to relax in the Cafe with fireplace and read and sip coffee/tea anytime during the day was heartwarming. 
15465 Stayed for three night last weekend. Very dark lift, corridors and rooms. Room 0906 not a good view - air vents and other bedrooms. Not a lot of room but understand this is normal for NY. Great shower. Lovely staff. Shame about the gloom. 
15466 Een net, schoon hotel. Vriendelijke bediening en de koffie 's ochtends was redelijk. De kamers waren netjes en schoon en hadden precies voldoende comfort voor een kort verblijf. Je bent dan toch alleen maar op je kamer om te slapen. 
15467 Rooms are big by New York standards, we had a King size bed and a Queen.It is close to Times Square and subway ( 3 blocks). Reasonable price, very happy with our stay 
15468 Exteremly Excellent location. The reception staff were so kind and helpful. It was a wonderful stay and I really enjoyed my time. The hotel deserves more than 5 stars. 
15469 The location was convenient and the staff were very available. The Galley was great! Clean, comfortable with a great location. The rooms are simple but elegant. One should be comfortable when sharing a room as the toilet was not a located in a separate room Viky from BS 
15470 This place is old, and dirty. Location is ok and some staff were nice but that doesnt make up for the rats in the air ducts! 
15471 Business trip with family tagging along; lots of good swim time & the kids love the cartoons in the elevators. Very friendly & attentive staff. 
15472 I am pleased to say that I loved this hotel. I enjoyed the service, the location, the room size, the room decor, the amenities, etc. The bedding and the bathroom were particularly impressive. Given the reasonable price (for New York), I cannot imagine finding a better value for a hotel. 
15473 Great location, very friendly and helpful staff. Bigger than average rooms with a fridge and a microwave. Excellent value for money, would definately stay here again on our next trip to New York. Highly recommended. 
15474 Rooms were small,but it was fine for our family of four. Most important to us was cleaniness, and it was very clean! 
15475 ottimo hotel. risponde a tutte le caratteristiche necessarie per passare una vacanza cheap a new york. pulito, linee metro vicinissime, zona sicura, personale splendido. raccomandato anche per la morbidezza dei cuscini... 
15476 Stayed for a day and night at City Suites Hotel with my Best friend and twin brother. Had a wonderful time! Love Chicago and Love City Suites Hotel. Coming back Soon! 
15477 This century old hotel has such charm, low prices, and central location that it may be unique. Even those not staying there should visit the French Palace lobby, and look at the memorobilia adorning its walls. 
15478 Nous avons passe 5 jours dans cet hotel, il est tres bien place et bien insonorise,les chambres sont propres petit bemol pour les serviettes de douche ils oubliaient tous les jours que nous etions 4, les petits dejeuner sont tres chers mais bien garnis, la concierge tres sympa. 
15479 We thought that the Michaelangelo was wonderful and that the rooms were excellent. Nice size and the bathroom was very nice. The location was also excellent between Times Square, 5th Aveneue and Central Park. Plenty to do within walking distance. Overall would definitly go back. 
15480 Good location but really in need of a good scrub down. It is depressing. Even if the money can't be spent, at least sheets, towels, etc. could be decent. And the minibar is rat. Some of the staff is very helpful and nice. 
15481 We were very suprised and happy we stayed here. The staff was great, food was very good and the room was up to date and very good amenities. Almost like being at home, but not quite home. 
15482 Thanks to our wonderful contact in the Sales Dept. and Guest Service agent, Reina, I got a room with a fabulous view of Central Park. Although this is not the first time I've stayed here, the rooms I great a well without the view!! 
15483 While the public areas of this hotel are beautiful, the hotel room seemed tired, faded, and past its prime. I would not stay here again. 
15484 Very happy we stayed here. The location is great, cost for 5 nights was cheaper than 4 nights at other hotels. Also had a great dinner at the Terrace. The only down side are the small rooms but who cares, we only slept there. Staff very friendly and helpful. 
15485 From check in to check out, we couldn't have asked for nicer staff in our hotel. Although the rooms are older, they have a lot of charm. The location of the Wellington Hotel could not be beat. We would gladly stay there again on a return visit. 
15486 I was looking for location, and this hotel is a block away from all the theaters. But what we got was much more. This is a beautiful hotel, with new looking and very spacious rooms. Clean, beautiful, friendly, luxury...... along with a great location. I absolutely will stay here again. 
15487 Preis- Leistung sehr gur Free of Charge W Lan hat sehr gut funktioniert was man von viele andere Hotels die sogar das W Lan in Rechnung stellen nicht sagen kann. Fruehstueck inklusive und auch OK. Zimmer sehr sauber. 
15488 I stayed overnight for a work trip. This hotel was clean and conveniently located to Penn Station. The room was small, but that is usual for Manhattan. The fitness center was good. I would definitely stay here again. 
15489 Zeer goede ligging, mooi verzorgd, uitzicht was minder, uitstekend ontbijt 
15490 Le Parker Meridien is a great place to stay while visiting New York. It is centrally located closed to major locations. Their service is A+ and the staff makes you feel welcomed right from checking in time! We will go back there again! 
15491 I have stayed in this hotel in October, 2008. First of all I had a very spacious room comparing with the other hotels in the area. I can recommend this hotel for a great for extended stay. Additionally you can find everything you need in the long term this hotel. 
15492 Stayed for 1-2 days. There were dirty plates in hallway for 1 day. The room need more outlets and lighting. Bathroom need an exhaust fan, lighting in closest before you enter restroom. good place to rest you head after a night out on the town. 
15493 Hotel was clean and comfortable. The rooms are small, but if you are in NYC, you shouldn't be in the room. The staff was friendly and I would definitely stay here again. Thank you Fairfield Inn! 
15494 One problem after another. From the arrogant Revenue Manager, screwed up reservation, unable to check me in at 5pm. No apologies. Dirty room. Meeting room unstaffed. Took over 3 hours to get my toliet unblocked. Unsecured areas all over. Complained and it NEVER gets fixed. 
15495 It's called the Night Hotel for a reason. It's dark and sexy. But cosy and relaxing and the staff made me feel comfortable and did everything in a relaxed and friendly manner. Every thing worked. I really liked staying here. It made me work trip go well. 
15496 I stayed at this property last night. It is on the expensive side, however the front desk staff is very freindly and helpful. My room was rather large and clean. The shuttle at 4:40 AM was on time.Overall I had an excellant experince. 
15497 Accomodating staff, nice decor, central location (58th st. just off of columbus circle) most striking feature: room and bathroom with ample space AND a terrace! (10th floor) Overall, great experience, would stay again 
15498 Nice enough hotel although nothing special. Smallish room but comfortable. Opened cupboard under the sink to find the last guests trash still there but we just closed the door! Paid $300 for 1 night on Hotwire. 
15499 Room was good and quite but reception and common areas very loudly 
15500 We are Hilton regulars. This hotel was well positioned close to all we needed. Breakfast in the restaurant next to the hotel was ace! Room was great with good view of theatre district. bed comfy room large enough for 3 all in all a fab stay. Well done Hilton! 
15501 We found this hotel to be very clean and nice with a great location and easy access to parking, restaurants and shopping 
15502 Would highly recommend for future visits. The price is reasonable and includes a free breakfast and discounted parking nearby 
15503 Wifi not available Elevator broken Unsafe stairs Rude and unresponsive staff No value for a $250/night hotel 
15504 This was my second stay at the Marriott Magnificent Mile. The hotel has great location close to great shopping and fabulous restaurants. The staff is friendly and helpful. Beware if you plan to drive parking is expensive both self park and valet. Great hotel for both leisure and business. 
15505 Our stay here was outstanding - we were upgraded to a suite which made our trip most enjoyable. I would recommend the Salisbury to anyone looking for a mid-priced hotel in Manhattan. 
15506 hotel proximo as linhas de metro, times square e entre a 5th e 6th. 
15507 Everything was good except tht the room did not have a refregirator to keep the beer chilled :-) 
15508 bellissimo arredamento di P.Starck, camere confortevoli, posizione comodissima, accanto a Dean&De Luca, ottime colazioni. 
15509 Recently stayed at the Millenium, as a diamond HH member,was given a breakfast coupon. I charged $8 for a scoop of eggs, told that coupons for diamond HH members include coffee and buns only. Not a way to treat loyal customers. 
15510 stayed at Hyatt on east wacker recently and had a great stay. Great hotel bar and very central location. Great view overlooking the river and Navy Pier. People were very nice to deal with. I have stayed in this hotel about four times and each time was a pleasant experience. 
15511 Love love love the location. Right in the middle of everything! Beautiful hotel. Great restaurant. Generous size rooms. Favorite of mine is the doorman! He is always there to welcome you, joke with you, and help you find a cab. Just makes you smile. 
15512 Great location on the Upper West side. Had never been to New York and so a good first time experience. Right on the main subway line. Safe at all times of the day and night. Only beef was that we had to climb four flights of stairs- no lift! 
15513 Found this hotel to be clean, quiet, with a very helpful and compliant staff. The beds and linens were wonderful and I would recommend it to anyone visiting NYC, As a former New Yorker, I return to the city almost every year and certainly would stay here again. 
15514 We had never stayed at this location in New York City before and never even knew it was there. It was a wonderful location, the rooms were huge and the staff extremely friendly. A great find! 
15515 We went to New York mainly for the theaters. Well this is an excellent location if you want to watch the shows. Plenty of restaurant and bars to choose from. Nice rooms, friendly staff. Highly recommended for a 3-4 days stay. 
15516 This is a great hotel. A real home from home. The real hidden Gem Jeffrey the concierge really knows the area. You think you know NY but he really does and makes your trip so much better. 
15517 The Lady at the front desk was great. The hotel was cool but it needs updated in the rooms. especially the bathroom. It could use some new bed linens also. It has a great location and we would stay here again. 
15518 freundliche Angestellte, Sauberkeit wird gross geschrieben in diesem Hotel, unser Zimmer wurde zweimal am Tag von den Reinigungsdamen besucht um das Bett zu richten und sauber zu machen. Lage sehr gut. 
15519 In the tourist heart of New York, hotel is now a bit tired but the staff and security were first rate. 
15520 Personal muy atento, algunos hispanos. Habitaciones amplias. 
15521 Nothing more really to add from the other reviews. The hotel is Excellent location for sight seeing. It is nothing flash but perfect for a New York base. The room was very basic but clean friendly staff and a decent price for a central New York location. 
15522 I stayed at your property and Mary gave me great service and made me feel very welcome and answerded all amy quesions it was a very clean property and the room were clean and i would suggest this motel to everyone i know 
15523 I was in New York for business. The hotel is very centrally located, right next to Times Square and very close to the subway, 7th Ave Stop. The rooms were comfortable, clean and tidy. A Good 4-star accommodation in NYC. 
15524 This is one of the best all-around hotels in New York, especially if traveling with children. Luxurious but modern hotel in close proximity to Central Park, Rockefeller Center, and subway lines. One of the few Manhattan hotels with an indoor pool. Wouldn't stay anywhere else in Manhattan! 
15525 Room was comfortable, clean and organized well. Bed was very comfortable and I enjoyed the lighting functionality. Staff was pleasant and professional. Location is hard to beat if you need to get anywhere in NYC you are practically in the middle of it all. Highly recommend. 
15526 Front desk staff so helpful and considerate. Room was really lovely. Thank you Jack and Erwin. Did you find my earring? 
15527 the rooms are in the model by the hour standards, got double room, with very bad small, and dirty bed... 
15528 Good location, stylish, clean, friendly. Everything worked fine, very tiny room. Good choice, maybe not for elderly people. 
15529 The location is great.every thing is around, 6 blocks from central park,few minutes from Tim's squar,5th avenue. The rooms are very pleasant,but with out free wifi 
15530 The lobby is like subway station.they charge 3.5$ for bag in the luggage room. 
15531 Good sized room.... Great location to all of the great sights in New York - especially with a subway across the street. 
15532 This was a awesome hotel, everything was beatiful and was in the center of Time Square. Definently worth the money! 
15533 Large, clean and spacious. Quiet with a beautiful view of tree tops outside our windows. Staff was very helpful. 
15534 Great location! 5-10minutes walking distance to times square and the hopOnHopOff bus, 5 blocks from empire state building, and several choices of small restaurant in the surrounding areas. Hotel and room is quite good, not the 5star but it is as what I expected. Check in process is very fast. 
15535 The good: Whole Foods is nearby It's a value compared to other hotels Got a good nights sleep each night The bad Housekeeping didn't come on one day Long waits for the elevator Small, albeit comfortable rooms. Lack of light in rooms 
15536 Nice hotel for the price clean,good breakfast, staff friendly and helpful most of the time, street that it is located on can be a little uncomfortable at times. 
15537 The hotel had a great location, close to Broadway ans many restaurants and pubs. The staff was really friendly and had greatconsideration for my platinum status in the Priority club rewards. The breakfast was nice as well :) 
15538 Revisited The Carlton for our anniversary and it didn't disappoint. Great large room with high speed internet, very quiet and very comfortable. Superb Murray Hill location. 
15539 Good value for a family. Only real complaint was the bed linens were not 100% cotton. They were a 60/40 poly blend which drives me bonkers as did the polyester blanket/cover. All that static - ugh. 
15540 Stayed here for 4 nights on our trip to New York. Great location for getting around the city with Grand Central Station next door so Metro and buses nearby. Reception staff were very friendly and helpful as was concierge. Would definitely stay here again. 
15541 Great location but the room we had was shabby. Expected better from a 4* hotel, the public areas are great you just get a bit let down when you get to your room. 
15542 The service at the Hilton was fantastic from the maid, customer service, bartender, and bell boy. The hotel was convenient to shopping and tourist locations. The hotel decorations were breathtaking and rooms were very spacious. 
15543 All around great hotel. Great location and great staff. Rome seem very new. 
15544 We stayed at this hotel for 7 days and would recommend it to everyone visiting New York City. The rooms are clean, very large and comfortable. Beds are very good, service is excellent. Location is at a nice walking distance to many favorite spots in New York. 
15545 stay 2 nights in the hotel. We have been upgraded to a suite room directly for free.. service is excellent. Despite a TV problem that have been fixed rapidly, this is an excellent hotel and a great location in NY. 
15546 Charming.....elegant.....beautiful! Stayed for a week in a beautiful suite. We had a wonderful dinner at the Bull and Bear. Stopped for post-show cocktails at Peacock Allley, and was given great off-the -beaten-path dinner recommendations from our bartender. Room service was perfect! 
15547 A nice place to stay. Hope I can Visit it again. Good place to enjoy the great places of NYC. Close were most excitement entertainment Time Square Ave. 
15548 Great location and beautiful rooms. Service a bit stuffy for my taste. Overall, a great option when in NY. Walking distance to great restaurants and shopping. 
15549 Great location at the northern end of Michigan Avenue, across the street from Bloomingdales. Upgraded to a king suite with access to the executive lounge courtesy of Hhonors Gold status. 
15550 For a mid town boutique hotel it was very pleasant stay, also the amenities and price was excellent. 
15551 We stayed at Affinia Gardens in February 2010 in a one bedroom suite and we were pleasantly surprised. Unlike many other hotels in NYC, Affinia Gardens has spacious rooms that are very quiet. Good value for money. Helpful and friendly staff. We would definately stay at Affinia Gardens again. 
15552 This hotel is great. Staff is nice and atetntive. Front desk manager and concierge made sure I had an amazing stay. Smile on Everyone's faces from the very morning!!!!! I will be back and I'm bringing friends with me. Thank you ! 
15553 Can't beat the location, right on CPS. Rooms are spacious and well appointed and the staff is extremely professional and accommodating. 
15554 + Helpful Staff Personalize needs and services online Kitchenette Closet space/shelves/vanity/dressing area Sofa bed Large mirrors Clean bathroom Room much better than the atmosphere of the hall, elevator, and lobby Location near good restaurants Quiet street 
15555 O hotel fica situado no meio de Times Square, no meio de todo o agito. A estacao de onibus fica a 2-3 quadras. no entanto, com familia, o Marriott Doubletree foi bem mais "casa". 
15556 last night was my 4th stay since June 2012. cannot imagine staying anywhere else. rooms are huge by New york standards. Beds, linens, and bathrooms are fabulous. Service is fantastic..warm and friendly. what else could you need? dave 
15557 Nicely comfortable and staff is helpful, well located in downtown chicago 
15558 We have travelled a lot over the past 7 years and this has got to be one of two spectacular hotels we have ever stayed in by far. The staff were all very helpful and friendly. It really was the perfect ending to our holiday.. 
15559 Yes, the room was clean and the bathroom was OK. The room was very small. I think i'ts a good price, we paid 99 USD/night for a twin bed room. But the staff was very unhelpful and no service minded at all. 
15560 Just had another great stay at this hotel. Cannot fault it at all, rooms fairly small but good for NYC and they are always clean and tidy. We always find the staff helpful and pleasant especially in the Tick Tock Diner, which does a very nice blueberry pancake! 
15561 Overall, I would consider staying at this hotel again. We were in NYC for a week and we would have been more comfortable with a little more space but you can't beat the location or service at this hotel. The balcony on the 16th floor is a nice feature. 
15562 Stay at Hilton Garden Inn, Sept.2003, great location, Weber Grill in lobby is very good, the Jewel Supermarket across the street has everything you could want, go to Chicago every year, this is the best place I have stayed at 
15563 We stayed here the night of our wedding. Very comfortable bed, and romantic decor. We still stop at lounge for drinks every once in a while. Nice size bathroom and very clean. 
15564 Aside from the title the rooms were cramped and my view is the side of a building. Plus who wants to go downstairs and be in the middle of grand central station. This is probably the most overpriced and over rated hotel in New York. 
15565 As you'd expect, the Chicago Airport Hilton is completely lacking in charm or character. A convenient place to stay for an overnight connection, but not much else to recommend for it. 
15566 The location is fine, in the heart iof midtown. I consider the hotel to be fair in terms of prices and service. There might be many better options in NYC in terms of price depending on the time of the year. Would recommend only if rates are below USD 200. 
15567 great hotel, wonderful staff, super clean, excellent location!!! 
15568 Stayed here with family. Nice place. Staff is friendly walking distance to george brown center and surrounding places. I'd stay here again. Stayed on first floor. Pretty nice room. 
15569 I just adore the location of this hotel and the neighborhoods. The corner-room upgrade was absolutely worth the price (see photo of the view from the room !). Overall a nice trendy hotel in the heart of Hell's kitchen. 
15570 This stay was by far the best stay I have had in any hotel. We very much appreciated the attention to detail and the lovely staff (TK Karadzovski)... Thank You very much. I will be recommending this hotel to all my family and friends. 
15571 Fantastisch boutique hotel in The Big Apple. Vriendelijk personeel, goede kamers met een inrichting die prettig aanvoelt en waar over nagedacht is. Het hotel ligt vlakbij Bryant Park & 5th Avenue Een aanrader! 
15572 It was a nice hotel - comfortable bed and nice linens. The bathroom was very small - but overall a nice stay. 
15573 Good location and that s all. Smelly , Dirty, breakfast terrible, lot of noise and no cold in the rooms because of air con inefficient. Price not so low for such a bad value. 
15574 What I loved: Location Super fast (and fun) elevators Suite on the 40th floor Concierge lounge for breakfast and evening cocktails Front line service associates The bagel shop that is about a block away Location, location, location! What I didn't like: The crowds 
15575 4 stars, hotel run by trainee staff, but very helpful. No problem , cause you only sleep in you're Hotel when visiting NY ! 
15576 Good location,short walk from Columbus Circle, Central Park South,many restaurants close by. Hotel bedrooms could do with refurbishment but rooms are large and beds comfortable. Staff helpful and friendly, no complaints. 
15577 Amazing views of the city, reasonable price, centrally located, great staff, nice rooms, located in the center of everything. 
15578 Spent the night at the Casablanca in NYC- what a great little boutique hotel- Rick's Cafe on the second floor offers complimentary breakfast and afternoon snacks. Staff was personable and very accomodating. I will definitely stay here again and again. 
15579 We stayed at the Southgate for 5 nights in June, in a 2BR, 2Bathroom Suite. It was absolutely perfect for our family. The location was good, with easy subway access, staff friendly, and the rooms were very clean. Would definitely stay there again. 
15580 Achamos o hotel muito bom,novo,boa limpeza,quarto confortavel,mas um pouco pequeno.Funcionarios super preparados,exelente tratamento com os hospedes.O hotel fica a uma quadra do Soho ,que e o lugar mais descolado de New York.Tivemos uma otima estadia.Voltaria com certeza a me hospedar no Sheraton Tribeca New York. 
15581 The room was very nice and spacious. The front desk staff and individual travel personnel were wonderful and polite. Would definitely stay here often, if I visited Chicago frequently. I travel regularly for business, both domestically and internationally, and I'd personally stay and/or recommend this hotel to peers. Thanks! 
15582 Honesto pelo valor da diaria e localizacao. Peca pelo banheiri muito pequeno. Compensa com otima localizacao e servico bom. 
15583 The hotel is situated in a perfect location to where it is near everything! Our room was excellent! We had a King Suite. The service was impeccable. The breakfast was great and went to 10am! We were very pleased that we chose this hotel!! 
15584 The hotel is nice, rooms are small but clean. you have to wait a lot for the elevators - especially at breakfast time. breakfast was OK but there is not much room to seat. Very close to Times Square but at the east side and this not a nice area. 
15585 The smallest closest we have ever encountered. rude checkin staff & the noisiest housekeeping staff who yell at each other without any regard for guest in their own rooms. stay elsewhere unless your budget is tight & you need manhattan. 
15586 Stayed last time for $109. Not a bad deal. This time I was charged $249.00 Per night for less of a room. Probably the worst deal in town for $249. My advice is get a good deal or stay elsewhere. 
15587 We booked a room on Priceline and were pleased with the selection of Sofitel. Our room had no view, but was very quiet, great for sleeping and comfortably appointed. Marble bathroom was very upscale. The lounge area was very relaxing and friendly and the hotel staff was attentive. 
15588 Receptionists are very rude, and the hotel takes advance money from your credit card and then takes the money for hotel bill as well.Rooms were too hot and you couldnt open windows 
15589 I recommend the hotel for prime location, great rooms and excellent service. 
15590 Stayed here for 5 nights.very impressive lobby and public areas are all very nice. Food in restaurant superb. Room so disappointing. Very tired and in need of refreshing and also very noisy. Had a good time but wouldn't stay here again. 
15591 arredi importanti, camere perfette, servizio inappuntabile, vista mozzafiato su Big Apple, ristoranti lussuosi, frequentazione di alta classe, silenzio e rispetto della privacy, assoluta efficienza di tutto il personale. What else ? 
15592 Ett mycket bra hotell mitt i New York. Vi bodde i ett superior rum pa 30:e vaningen med utsikt over skyskraporna. Laget vid Times Square ar perfekt. Finns aven ett par riktigt bra frukoststallen mittemot hotellet. Rekommenderas varmt. 
15593 Had to book a place last minute for work and found the Thompson LES by accident. Ended up being a great decision -- they upgraded my room (to the Penthouse) and provided excellent service. Will definitely head back there the next time I have business in NYC. 
15594 Great Rate at the last minute. Very nice rooms. Clean and luxurious. Staff was helpful and pleasant. Hotel was close to all or most of the areas/attractions we visited on our trip. 
15595 een heel goed hotel met mooie, ruime kamers. we kregen gratis een upgrade naar een suite, heel luxe, met airco. Geen verkeersgeluiden te horen. Vlakbij een metrostation met directe verbinding naar lower Manhattan 
15596 Clean, reasonably priced in a convenient location. Breakfast has a variety items. Plenty of dining nearby. Close to Galleria and other shopping. A great value for this location. 
15597 Great location. Close to subway, Central Park, restaurants. Service is great. Close to Time square. All within walking distance. Would stay again. 
15598 Buon rapporto qualita' prezzo, camera quadrupla comodissima, pulita, bel bagno e frigo a disposizione vuoto, wifi disponibile nella hall....tutto sommato ho avuto piu' servizi del 4stelle intercontinental dove ho soggiornato in altra occasione e anche piu' spazio io lo consiglio vivamente, 
15599 The hotel was expensive, room ugly and small but clean. Perfect location but terrible service! I would not recommend it. 
15600 Accommodated for 2 nights. Best location in central but not noisey place of Manhattan. Thanks for pleasant front desk and duty manager, Irina Borukhov a special mercy! Fast and clever responding on any request. My suggestion is to increase internet access speed. 
15601 A great place. Ver friendly and helpful staff who will go the extra mile. Thank you Amelia for cleaning our room so thoroughly each day! 
15602 Enjoyed everything about the stay but the staff make it. Excellent concierges, bellman, receptionist. 
15603 I certainly expected at larger, nicer room for the $287/night I paid. The bathroom was so small, I had to back up to the sink to close the door. (I weight 110 lbs) There was nothing special about room. 
15604 I travel quite a bit for business and like may others, my schedule can change in a moments notice. Melissa was great in helping me with my sudden change in schedule and I look forward to returning to Chicago and staying at this Hotel. Thanks Melissa. 
15605 All was fine. Nothing special. The fitness center is nice but small for a hotel this size and the equipment needs a tune up (really three of the five machines were not working properly). Evening managers reception served tortilla chips and salsa (not at all worthwhile). 
15606 The front door guys are so friendly and helpful they make you feel like your visiting old friends! Not to mention that everything else was awesome too! GREAT TIMES 
15607 Just returned during NY Marathon...stayed at Belvedere...Room was great with fridge, microwave etc....however, the bed was hard as a ROCK....So if you are used to a good bed please beware....Location was Ok...However, I would prefer staying on the east side near Lex, and the 50's... DW, Toronto. 
15608 Fui dar aula em New York e fui com um grupo de dezesseis estudantes, e ficamos hospedados nesse hotel. Bem localizado, perto de tudo, e principalmente numa rua mais calma a dois minutos da Broadway. 
15609 Absolutely no complaints!! Room was clean and quiet!! Complimentary breakfast was very nice. Would definitely stay again!! 
15610 the location off the hotel it was perfect,the stuff very friendly the room very clean and with amazing view!i liked also spa and gym in 27 floor 
15611 Everything was good but not exceptional. A good value. Have stayed on past occasions and would do so again. Close to good shopping on 5th Ave, but not a particularly good location for the better restaurants. Walkable distance to theaters. 
15612 Stay there for internet summit - close to convention, service is good but room need a little bit update. Restaurant downstairs are very good. 
15613 This is good stop over hotel, clean efficient with no frills ideal for business in the heart of the oil and gas district. Pay as you go for all meals. My second stay and would stay there again 
15614 Although some of the staff at W hotel was mediocre. Eden at the concierge desk was excellent. She had wonderful suggestions for restaurants and helped us book tours. She made our stay in Chicago more enjoyable. 
15615 Very small but really nice and clean, also strategically situated for tourists! 
15616 Lovely room but smaller than I had expected. I had stated that we needed accommodation for a family of five but the room was really too small. 
15617 The rooms were okay and the bathroom is too small. Beds were comfortable and the room was clean. I expected more for what we paid but after staying at another hotel I'm assuming most hotels in NYC are like this. 
15618 The hotel is fine bit overpriced. Small rooms trying to look chic Bathroom was very small. Nice front office but slow valet service for the car. We found at a later time that there were plenty of places that would be better values. 
15619 The room decor is attractive, wi-fi and bottled water are complimentary, but it's the staff that's truly remarkable. 
15620 Hotel is fantastic and great value. Great beds, awesome flat screen tv. Very convienient to the subway. 
15621 Bien loge et bien nourri...un Super Week-end entre amis 
15622 Is a good hotel, very clean and is good located.. The service is excelent 
15623 hotel tres propre et avec un bon emplacement. a deux pas de time square(env 500M). metro a proximite. restaurants a 100m. bon rapport qualite/prix 
15624 Great service and awesome location, my expirience has always met the excellence at this property, i will highly suggest it. 
15625 Great hotel! Quite simply it's comfortable, friendly and the location is perfect for exploring New York! 
15626 This hotel is an icon, but some of the reviews have been less then kind. I had to check it out and convinced my husband to give it a shot. We both LOVED it. Character and really great staff! Thanks Melissa!!!!! Ideal location and a great trip. Thanks Chelsea! 
15627 Was here on a conference for three days (if you're a business traveller, you know how grueling that can be), and the entire service staff (particularly Kelly M at the front desk), went far beyond the expected level of customer service to make sure the stay was comfortable. Highly recommended! 
15628 Everyone is super friendly and helpful. Fastest check-in ever. From parking to room in under 5 minutes. Room service is a fantastic bargain with high quality menu and fast service for reasonable price. Simply a great place to stay for downtown shopping and events at a reasonable price. With parking! 
15629 Rooms were CLean as a Whistle ! View was Great & Slept PERFECTLY.. Staff VERY Friendly & Accomodating.. Always said HI whether I was coming or going ! Free WIFI too ! DEF a place to stay ! Walked all over Chelsea, W Village & Midtown.. 
15630 Travel frequently to New York on business and have stayed here several times. This hotel has a really good location in midtown in a nce neighborhood. Rooms recently renovated, very clean, good staff. Highly recommend. 
15631 Booked through Priceline. Very easy access off of Beltway 8. Great stay. Was in town for a wedding outside of Katy. Very nice bar area. no free breakfast though. but full menu for food. Would definitely stay there again. 
15632 We have stayed here a number of times. It is a great location to Boystown and steps away from two major l-train lines.Lots of shops, bars, restaurants. A short walk to Lake Michigan. Lots of sights and some beautiful neighbours for strolling. Close to Linkin Park, Wrigley Stadium and Andersonville 
15633 location excellent,room poor,old ,not good,staff was ok internet wifi free only in looby,the breakfast expensive and not good.all hotels in times square are very expensive,.but this hotel could be a little more cheaper. 
15634 An excellently located hotel with a good level of quality and service. Continental breakfast was basic but more than adequate and the staff were very attentive. Would certainly use it again. 
15635 We never expected to find a hotel room that was spacious and reasonably priced in addition to being very quiet at night. Had all the amenities we needed, two minute walk to MSG, and a wonderful full breakfast as well. Would definitely stay there again! 
15636 Excellent and chic hotel. It wad located in a great area for new years eve because of the great restaurants and bars near by. Mr. Calderon was friendly and informative over the phone when making reservation. Thanks 
15637 I was staying here whilst working and while everything is clean, smart & occasionally stylish, it just isn't worth the price tag. There are many better alternatives in new York in that range. 
15638 Location is perfect, staff is pleasant and helpful, rooms are large and clean. For the price, you don't get much better than this. 
15639 Our compliments to Leonardo, receptionist , he delivered a fantastic service. W.E. van der Sluis, from Holland 
15640 Small but nice affordable hotel, and the location is perfect. Right by the f train, with knishes and katz's practically next door. The staff is friendly and getting a late checkout was no problem which helps when you didn't get there until 4am. Would stay again. 
15641 This was indeed "a little jewel". Best hotel I've stayed in NYC.Great location....minutes from Time Square Theater District and very close to central park.Clean room.Small but very efficiently designed.Booked online with the hotel and received excellent rate.Great service.Would highly recommend. 
15642 Just better than other more expensive hotels in the same area. Completely new, good and really modern ambient. Functional and really close to Times Square (less than ten minutes walking) avoiding noise and exciting lighting. Perfect to visit the city with your couple and friends. Great Hotel. 
15643 Very friendly staff and a nice location. Great shops and dining all around. Only complaint is the rooms were a bit small. Small for NYC standards. A good hotel but for the cost there are better options. 
15644 the hotel was outstanding and yes it was being refurbished but this did not deter from an amazing experience .the staff made you feel like royalty and were extremely helpful and curtious .the location was excellent 10 mins walk to time square and 3 mins walk to grand central station. 
15645 gutes, sehr angenehmes hotel freundliches personal, einfache ausstattung, kleine zimmer, sehr sauber, gute anbindung ans verkehrsnetz. preis leitung (93,- US$ incl. tax) hervorragend 
15646 Nice and clean hotel for good price. In 5 min walking from grand street subway station. Next time will choose this hotel again. 
15647 Stayed there for business. Lobby is on the 7th floor and the rooms are TINY and not very clean. For $369 plus tax they had the courtesy to charge $8 for a bottle of water. A rip off even for Manhattan standards. 
15648 Great location, beautiful hotel & awesome staff!!! We will be back!!! 
15649 Je suis un client assidu de l hotel donc rien a dire Cependant il faut renover l hotel et le rendre branche; c est une cash machine pour le groupe Accor donc il faut que ce groupe investisse pour maintenir sa clientele 
15650 Just can't beat the location, one a half block from the center of Times Square. Very comfortable older hotel. Breakfast was good, clean and its the spot. I can't say enough about the staff - they were terrific. 
15651 Midtown Manhattan, great location, friendly and helpful staff, rooms somewhat small but clean and well appointed. 
15652 Top location, friendly staff, great rooms and views 
15653 Room was clean, spacious, with good facilities. There was a nearby restaurant which provided good, cheap meals. The only slight disappointment was that only a continental breakfast was offered, rather than a hot breakfast. Despite this, I would have no hesitation in recommending the hotel to any travellers. 
15654 It was in a good location and best thing was the free breakfast, rooms very small but clean 
15655 Great hotel, good size rooms, very clean and pleasant. Deli opposite very handy for snacks, rolls etc. Would stay there again. 
15656 etwas teuer aber gut 
15657 Location couldn't be better for Natural History Museum and Central Park stroll over to the Metropolitan. Many local restaurants give you a strong neighborhood feel. Staff were wonderful. The room itself couldn't have been better. 
15658 Stayed here during a convention in NYC for three nights. Basic hotel but staff very friendly and helpful. Rooms are basic but if you are nOt spending much time in them it's fine. Mine was very noisy. 
15659 The location is great! Right off times square, with great security in and out the building. The rooms were big and clean. I traveled with my family everything was very close by 
15660 Avoid this hotel if you're a light sleeper (unless you get it for 100/night like we did on Priceline). Construction at the Ground Zero site is constant and noisy, although my husband kept saying "what noise, I don't hear anything." 
15661 This is a good choice for a no frills, low budget hotel in Manhattan. Rooms are good, although the rest of the hotel feels dated. Great location. If you are not too fussed about the wow factor (lack of), this is not a bad choice. 
15662 I travel monthly to New York City and my office is in Times Square. Night is convenient, has a wonderfully accommodating staff and is more personable than the larger chain hotels in the area. I try to stay here every time I go to NYC for work. 
15663 I spendt there a week. Location is very good and there is a subway station in front of the hotel. Room is clean and it was pretty silent which was surprice. 
15664 Stayed here for five nights and found the hotel great for what we wanted. The room was certainly no frills, but was clean, decent shower, secure, and being as we were travelling on a budget was great value. Most importantly it was just off Times Square! 
15665 We had enjoyed our stay until items left in the room ended up "missing" - or as the hotel staff repeatedly referred to them as "misplaced" - I tried to get the hotel to locate the items taken out of my room without success. 
15666 net hotel, met niet al te grote kamers, op loop afstand van empire state building en time square. Erg stille kamers, heerlijk douche en prima badkamer. Vriendelijke mensen bij de receptie. Eeen prima hotel voor een citytrip. 
15667 Just your typical Hampton Inn. Good location, great staff, quiet and clean rooms, free parking, internet and breakfast. If every hotel was like this, there would be no complaints. If we're in the area, we would stay here again. 
15668 A lovely hotel with an excellent location. Nice ok size rooms for New York, good although somewhat expensive breakfast restaurant. Excellent, helpful and friendly staff. Excellent restaurants in the area and ideally located for seeing Broadway shows. 
15669 Nice large room. Appreciated the refrigerator and microwave. Nice flat screen television. Only issue was shower that alternated between freezing and very hot water. Hotel management acknowledged that this is an ongoing problem due to the age of the hotel. Service, location and price were great. 
15670 The room was spacious and clean, breakfast was phenomenal, and the staff were the friendliest we've ever dealt with. Hats off to restaurant manager Vadym for the incredible service. Location for navy pier and Michigan avenue is ideal 
15671 the hotel is very pretty, modern design, very close to main attractions, very clean, it'd be perfect if rooms were not so tiny.. there was not space for 2 luggages, and to move thru the room you had to give priority to each other. 
15672 ottima posizione, stanza piccola e senza finestra, illuminazione bassa, personale cordiale, cambio biancheria della stanza giornaliero, pulito. 
15673 Good location and nice hotel. Nice restaurant, gym, and staff 
15674 Norma's (need reservation) is super breakfast/lunch spot. Lobby bar has great ambience. Rooms comfortable. Shower has best flow of any hotel I have been, true luxury. Location is pretty ideal for business and touring. 
15675 We got a good discount by booking through Quickbook and then were upgraded when we got there, making the room nearly half price. Lovely room, handy location with subway, shops, resturants, bars very close by. Helpful staff. Huge and very comfortable bed. 
15676 nice rooms and awesome location!! been there everytime when in NYC and will go again! breakfast room is small and always full but take-away breakfast in room is fine(nice to eat breakfast sitting in the window and looking morning rush-hour in broadway) 
15677 I was traveling with two young children which can always be a bit hectic. The hotel staff was extremely friendly, gracious and accomodating. The facility was very nice and the location was convenient to just about everything. We would definately return! 
15678 I picked this hotel for its recent renovations and it really looks nice. Unfortunatelly renos stopped short of replacing windows, which do not have any sound insulating capability. Hotel is right beside a highway and noise is overwhelming. 
15679 Fantastic hotel ... all that one associates with the "Taj" group is embodied here. Its beautiful, charming, elegant, great location, fabulous staff, good food and Barneys just behind....and Central Park in front. Its the belle new york!!! An absolute 'must-stay' place. The Hi-Tea in the hotel restaurant is charming. 
15680 Clean, comfy room. Front desk staff very polite and helpful. Great breakfast buffet in the morning. Great location, easy walk to theaters. Would definitely stay again. 
15681 We stayed at Inn of Chicago and can only state very positive comments. The room was clean and comfortable and the help was very nice and accommodating. It is convenient to many sites and it is perfectly safe to walk around the area. 
15682 Alan (front desk) specifically gave impeccable service. Me nor my friends who all had rooms were quite satisfied with our stay. We WILL be back! 
15683 The only minor thingy from my wife, no tea bags in the room. Otherwise perfect... 
15684 IT is not the Ritz, but if you are looking for good quality and friendly people, this is it. Excellent location. Convienence store nearby as is a Jack in the Box. Good value for the buck. Comfortable rooms. Great service. Would stay here again. 
15685 We stayed at this hotel on a 5 night trip to New York, the location of the hotel is perfect for all the sights, we had a large room with 2 x double beds, the room was clean & spacious. Would recommend this hotel! 
15686 takes a moment to get your head around it but has a wonderful vibe and feel, while feeling very swanky but being very affordable. everything was super cool and fun and can't say enough good things, i'll come here again and again. 
15687 room too small, no parking and no standing for load luggage. 
15688 I stayed there once. It was good service but the food (when ordered room service ) came only luke warm and the lobby was tiny! Not worth the money, but it is ok, the views are great of central park, great location. 
15689 The good - Location The bad - Leaking toilet, filthy bath, bed bugs, filthy carpet, blocked sink, It stinks, key card that doesn't work half the time, the imbecile called Saeed at the front desk. All this for $120/night This is easily the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. 
15690 The hotel is a "swingers dream" and dirty to boot. Dark surroundings and rude front desk help. I will not stay there again. 
15691 We had a great night there, while driving thru town, we hit a dodgers game... The teenagers loved the local scene, I loved the attention to detail. 
15692 Really nice stay. Good sized room( we had king size) free Internet, good breakfast and good location go get to places. Opposite bus station, but our room opened out on the other side as this may have not been as good. 
15693 I stayed here 5 nights in November to attend a training class for work. The service was very good, every employee I spoke with was very nice and helpful. My room was spotless clean. 
15694 For that old time feeling of grandeur, expensive, quiet and excellent staff to cater to your every need. It was an excellent around the corner from craziness of the midtown crowds. Loved my time there and would suggest it any time. 
15695 small but very convient and reasonable considering midtown manhattan location. My wife and I have stayed here on three seperate ocations in the past three months on buisness. The hotel has always been very clean and comfortable, and the staff professional and curteous. Not recomended for large familys. 
15696 Always a pleasure staying at the W. The service is prompt and thorough. Our concierge Laurelin Hefter was excellent. Very knowledgeable, helpful, and friendly. With customer service like that... I have no desire to stay elsewhere. 
15697 Fantastic service from the employees and mainly from the concierge! Very clean, new and good location. The view to the Central Park is great! There is a wonderful restaurant inside the Hotel, Jean George, that has a fantastic food! The tasting menu is great! 
15698 Just ok. Free wifi and regular cleaning, but no breakfast. Good location. 
15699 just home, after a short stay in NY. This hotel was great. Nice doormen- ( especially henry), and friendly helpful concierge. Clean, rooms, very quiet, good free breakfast, great location. I cannot recommend this hotel enough, we got adjacent rooms +upgrade.... 
15700 Rita was awesome - the whole staff was really great and helpful. 
15701 Expensive but services are first class. Personnel very helpful and quick to resolve problems. King size bed was very comfortable. 
15702 QT is a very nice hotel in a very good place. Close to Time Square and Theatre District. The rooms are cleaness and cozy. The linen and the bed are very confortable. I recommend this place if you want to be near a Time Square. 
15703 I really enjoyed my stay here last week. I can't say enough about the staff I dealt with was always willing to help me. The room was always clean and comfortable. I loved the location and the food from The National wow. Will be there again later this year guaranteed. 
15704 I loved my stay at the Gansevoort Park. The service was exceptional throughout, and I was always treated like a valued guest. I was there for business, but a stay at the Gansevoort made me want to party the night away. Don't miss either the restaurant, nor the penthouse bar. 
15705 Goed hotel, midden in NY, op loopafstand van Times Square en shopping district. Keurige kamers, mits kleine bijbetaling upgrade naar grotere kamer (35e verdieping, met Empire State building view). Aanrader! 
15706 this hotel is in a great location - right across from the NY library; staff was friendly and helpful; hosted wine each evening; rooms are great! 
15707 Stayed one night here through priceline. Pleasantly surprised by quality of stay. The room was large and clean, Had a great view of the lake. Would stay again. 
15708 It was absoultly wonderful. I read the reviews and was almost horrified to go. We arrived 2 hours early to checkin, was allowed to check in and our room was upgraded to a one bedroom apartment...for no extra charge. Everyone was extremely nice an helpful. We will be returning soon. 
15709 Stayed here during a conference in Houston. Great service from curb to housekeeping. Great value and across from the Galleria. Definitely will stay here again. 
15710 It's a beautiful hotel; very simple and elegant. The location is great -- perfect for walking the city and access to good restaurants. 
15711 Great hotel in the heart of the Magnificent mile. Close to shopping, lake front. Great rooms and service 
15712 Great location for folks who can navigate the subway system. Surrounded by restaurants and shops. For the price it is a good deal. I found the staff to be friendly and helpful. Will stay again. 
15713 I was very satisfied to Stanford Hotel. It was clean and frienly. The room was not even so small that I expected. It was a good place to sleep in New York and the price was okey. I will recommend this hotel. 
15714 The rooms are very small and in top of that they haven put a plasma or HD TV. The bed move because the legs are not very strong. The rooms are not ugly but it will be nice to put a plasma TV. 
15715 I got jewelry stolen from the room!!!!!!! Bad customer service 
15716 Room was fab with a great view of central park. Staff were very very friendly and helpful. Room Service was excellent. No complaints at all except we were told that we had been upgraded when in fact we hadn't been at all it was the room I had originally booked! 
15717 The Roger Smith is a great find, with classic decor spiced up by original sculpture and artwork, friendly and attentive staff, and a charming little restaurant with great food. They also have a great roof-top hang-out. Highly recommended! 
15718 Friendly staff at every corner. Room are nice with typical Residence Inn amenities. Location is fantastic. Walking to Times Square, multiple subway stops within two to four short New York blocks. Very clean property. Breakfast was decent too. Highly recommend. 
15719 Desk staff very poor, barely acknowledged us being there. I guess we disrupted her cell phone conversation with a friend. Security door to hotel totaly inop, lock portion was destroyed. Getting into and out of parking lot is a nightmare! Breakfast was great, room was clean. 
15720 Employee Emiguela was really professional and friendly! Recommend this hotel! Great location! Beautfiul views! Great bar! She helped us out with everything she was possible to help us with! TWO thumbs up! 
15721 Everyone was very friendly and helpful, especially the concierge, Eden. It is a lively hotel, which is fun, with a great lounge and bar, but the rooms are relatively quiet. The location is great, if yo want to be in the loop. 
15722 -Arrived around 11 am and already a room available -Comfortable room -Clean -Good breakfast 
15723 I got bedbugs from this hotel, beware. 
15724 i stayed here last year for 2 nights with a big group from greece and we loved the location! 
15725 This hotel was aweful. I checked into a non-smoking room and once I got in it was smoky and the bathroom was moldy. i checked out right then and went to the Holiday Inn down the street. 
15726 O Four Points Times Square `e novo e esta muito bem localizado, fica ao lado de uma estacao de metro. Os quartos sao excelentes, apesar de pequenos, o que se justifica por um hotel em Manhattan. Super recomendado, voltarei sempre que puder. 
15727 Having stayed twice in three weeks, the renovation is stylish and contemporary and the staff went out of their way to make us feel welcome. The rooms are all a good size, beds and pillows great and the location is fabulous. 
15728 I stayed at this hotel recently for a business and was very delighted. They had everything I needed and was very nice. The staff was super helpful and friendly. The room was on the smaller side, but plenty of room to relax and get my work done. 
15729 This hotel is perfect for a rookie New York tourist! Everything was excellent and the location is great. Walk to tons of stuff as well as the main subway station is on the corner to help get you anywhere in just minutes. 
15730 This is a very nice hotel. The rooms are very large, staff welcoming and bed linens excellent. My only complaint is that they charge extra for wifi and gym access. I find this annoying as we were already paying close to $300 per night. 
15731 Prime location, decent breakfast, close to eateries and subway. Staff were very friendly. Hotel was quiet, even though it was jam-packed. Breakfast was difficult to navigate because there were so many people. The room was small, but by NYC standards it was very comfortable and very clean. Happy overall. 
15732 If you are coming for a vacation this hotel is perfect - amazing views, great location. It is not that good for business - business center lacks a lot of functionality, slow elevators, etc 
15733 The front desk guy was quite nice and the look of the hotel is very groovy, but tiny room and no tub;-( 
15734 Stayed for a long weekend. The room was bigger than other hotels in NYC and very clean. Close to the subway and Times Square. Will stay there again! 
15735 Really nice hotel. Great location across from the Galleria. Lobby and rooms both very neat, clean and luxurious. Absolutely nothing to complain about! 
15736 The staff of this hotel really made it. The rooms were priced well and the location to hobby airport was good. They had a nice breakfast set up in the restaurant area. The staff went out of their way to assist us. 
15737 Nice front desk people, good clean and moder room, nice views on 21st floor. Only minus: high speed internet is not so high speed at this hotel. Measured a few times, max 1.2Mb. Thats not so high to me ;) the front desk solved it fantastic. 
15738 The hotel was very clean on inside and out. The service was great and the continental had some eggs and sausage instead of a couple of muffins. All said this is the best hotel for the value that I have stayed in for a long time. 
15739 This hotel was great, centrally located and I had no complaints! I loved the room and the service was very good and the people were polite and helpful. I hate staying in chain hotels and this one was nice and had some interesting history. 
15740 Nicer on the outside. Room smelled like smoke in a non-smoking room. Noisy air con. 
15741 I can not say enough nice things about the wonderful staff at the Morgans. Good location within walking distance to Grand Central and the 33rd street subway. Large continental breakfast. Wonderful window seat in standard room. Comfortable bed with duvet cover changed between guests. Attention to details. 
15742 The staff was efficient and pleasant. The room was spacious and beautifully appointed. The location was very convienient for walking Manhattan--Just off Time Square. The price was very reasonable. The hotel helped make our stay a very enjoyable experience. 
15743 The location was fantastic. The staff were very accommodating and professional. The maid service to the room was discrete. The room was quiet and immaculately presented. Really excellent stay and would thoroughly recommend this hotel. We will definitely be back when we are next in NYC. 
15744 Stayed 4 nights. Location across from Museum was good. Quiet at night. Close to subway connection. Parking available at Museum. Room was very nice - it wasn't the Plaza, but we didn't pay for the Plaza. When I go back, this is a place I will probably stay again. 
15745 Didn't know what to expect, first visit to New York. Excellent location - close to shopping, Times Square, subway etc. Small room, but was all we needed. Clean room and pleasant staff. Can't wait to visit again! Next time will definitely stay here again! 
15746 Everyone who works at the hotel is professional, friendly, and helpful. Clean, comfortable hotel in a great location. Plan to stay here again if we make a 3rd visit to New York! 
15747 I was very satisfied with my stay at this hotel. The room was big and well equipped. My only complaint was people smoking at the front door of the hotel - other than that, it was a perfect stay... 
15748 Good hotel in Tribecca area,close to wallstreet,ground zero,battery park. Stayed here 4 yrs ago Subway was in front of the hotel There was lil deli Staff were very nice and helpfull Rooms were too small for me but thay were clean 
15749 the location is very good. we had stayed in this hotel in 2003 when it was Sheraton Manhattan and were slightly worried if things changed negatively after the name change. Actually, I found the hotel better this time! it was a comfortable stay. 
15750 This was my third trip back to the Mandarin Oriental New York. Stunning views of Central Park , great location and an excellent staff will keep me coming back! 
15751 Locatie was prima, lopend bij diverse eettentjes, metro vlakbij. Wandelnd hebben we heel veel gedaan. Kamer was ruim, grote badkamer, heerlijk bed en grote tv. Alleen jammer dat je altijd de airco's hoort. 
15752 Hotel Antigo, servico mediano(nada alem do normal), nao possui frigobar. O ponto positivo eh a localizacao, proximo dos principais pontos da cidade, principalmente 5a avenida, times square e central park. Se o objetivo da viagem eh aproveitar a cidade e apenas dormir no hotel, esta eh uma boa opcao. 
15753 Siamo stati al The London dal 30 dicembre 2011 al 6 gennaio 2012. E' un bell'albergo al centro di New York; camere grandi, pulite e bene arredate; confortevole anche il bagno; personale cortese e disponibile. Eccellente la prima colazione 
15754 A wonderful 3 day stay, great room well appointed with all the staff being more than helpful & gracious. More than comfortable and great value for the negotiated price. Perfectly situated as a base for a N.Y experience. Would stay there again 
15755 I would not recommend this hotel to anyone staying longer than one night. Rooms too small, and aircon too noisy. 
15756 Stayed in an executive suite. Only complaint is no coffee maker, but not a big problem. Room was very large and well appointed with huge bathroom. 
15757 Nothing fancy. Good value. We stayed here to be in town early for the Thanksgiving day parade. 
15758 Enjoyed a weekend retreat at the hotel and had a deluxe suite. Staff is friendly, accommodations were excellent and we all had a fab time...highly recommend the Roger Smith Hotel in Midtown Manhattan. 
15759 The rooms are not that good and old. Showes ok but need to refurbish No breakfast No coffee machine in the room No Wi Fi free in the rooms. 
15760 Good hotel for both business and pleasure. The rooms are ok sized with a huge comfortable bed and a new fresh bathroom. Excellent location, right by Soho. A good selection of great restaurants close to the hotel. 
15761 This property has a great location and is a rare gemin NYC. The rooms are extraordinarily large for the market. The staff is amazing and the rooms are extremely clean. The location is perfect for anyone wanting a great Manhattan experience. Mohammed the afternoon doorman is amazing. 
15762 Delightful place to stay and so convenient to transportation, restaurants, etc. Comfortable bed, good a/c, modern tv, clean and neat. Gracious and reliable service from front desk - even late at night. A real value and surprisingly quiet for the area. I have already booked here for the fall. 
15763 Convenient location. Staff was very helpful, especially Ray, the shuttle driver. Clean rooms. Would recomend and stay here again. Purchased a mini-cation sports package and it was awesome! Great views of the city. Free shuttle service. 
15764 This hotel truly is a home away from home. The rooms are comfortable and spacious, which is hard to find in NYC. Latoya and Kris were so wonderful. They were attentive and so kind. They made my stay at Affinia such a pleasure. 
15765 Spent two nights at the Salisbury at new year. Great location for food, Broadway and central park. Friendly and helpful service. Great value for money breakfast. 
15766 NYC is especially magical at Christmas time. The Manhattan is so well situated, walking distance to most theatres. Room was a reasonable size looking out over Broadway, clean and very comfortable. Staff were efficient and friendly. Would definitely recommend this hotel, have stayed here before and would again. 
15767 Great to have kitchen facilities. Outstanding breakfast included. Convenient location. SLOW elevators !!!!! 
15768 It's blue, it's neon, it's trendy - just pricey! Room was small but that's New York... 
15769 Een hotel in Midtown geeft je prima mogelijkheden om Manhattan te ontdekken. Van hieruit kun je per voet of OV makkelijk naar zowel dowtown als uptown, zonder al te veel reistijd. Het hotel is schoon, het personeel vriendelijk en de bedden goed. Eigenlijk de belangrijkste ingredienten voor een stedentrip. 
15770 We wanted to stay just one night in the hotel, and got a cheap price, but it wasn't worth it. After just two hours in the bed, my husband had eight bed bug bites! The place was totally infested. It's gross. Be careful! 
15771 Geweldig hotel, aardig en behulpzaam personeel en heerlijke bedden! Serveren gratis ontbijt en de hele dag koffie/theecorner. Staat een laptop en printer voor algemeen gebruik. Vlak bij het metrostation en op loopafstand van Chinatown. Zeker een aanrader. 
15772 I liked the breakfast. After a hard party night in NY, they have a lot of good stuff. And fresh orange juice. Mjam! 
15773 Hotel very clean and all in good condition. I like the A/C with three fan speed control. All staffs are very firendly. 
15774 The restaurant was wildly overpriced for horrible food and service 
15775 4th time staying here and that should say it all. Love the hotel great location and friendly staff always looking to help. Happy hours for $5 beers in thebar and good food menu. Great room on Lex with cracking views. I will stay here again. 
15776 Rooms were very clean and spacious - centrally located and within walking distance to great shopping. Hotel is very quiet. Will stay there again. 
15777 My 7th stay over the years..... and the Marriott did not disappoint!!!! Thanks!!! We really appreciate the staff, the room, the pool, the bar area with televisions and an attentive staff, the view, and location. Senior discounts and conference rates are huge incentives to keep coming back too :) 
15778 My wife and I stay here often. The people are friendly, the rooms are clean, and the very nice. For my dollar there is no other alternative. Keith T 
15779 We had a great stay here for 3 nights back in July.They went beyond our expectations even thou we booked through priceline.Staff was excellent as well as the whole hotel experience.Great restaurant.Rooms and bedding great.Would return to this property again.If Internet was free it would be perfect. 
15780 las tres B muy bueno, bonito y relativamente barato 
15781 Having just returned from a 5 day visit to New York, staying at the Grand Hyatt, I found this to be an average hotel (given the price tag) and pretty noisy overnight. On the plus side, the location is excellent and the rooms are clean. 
15782 rooms mybe not the big, its an old building renowed, it has great lobby, with coffe and hot chocolate all the time ( great for chicago ), walking distance from michigan avenue. really nice staff. a good place to stay for the price. 
15783 Stayed in this hotel for the first time on a business trip. Excellent hotel, with very friendly staff. It is in a central location and close to all attractions in city. Elizabeth at the front desk was very professional and friendly. Highly recommend this hotel. 
15784 The hotel it is very well located, just a few blocks of St Patrick's Cathedral and 5th Avenue. All rooms are quite small, but nice for a budget hotel. It is a nice hotel if you are going to NYC for the first time 
15785 Great new hotel in NYC! The room was spotless and the staff is extraordinary! Great location. I'm looking forward to our next stay! 
15786 The staff were very friendly and the hotel was clean even though it was a little old fashioned. The main positive is the location, 2 minutes walk from time square and an excellent base for sight seeing. 
15787 What a great hotel. This is located in the thearter district. We would stay here again. Loved NY... 
15788 Stayed here with the family (wife and 2 daughters) July 17-18, 2012, what a great experiance. Staff was so nice. Rooms are clean and well decorated. The lounge on the second floor is absolutely fantastic, what a veiw of Times Square, not to mention the delicious food. 
15789 Excellent location, close to subway, and theatre district, but not noisy. Very helpful and friendly staff, excellent breakfast, and hot drinks all day and evening. Would definitely return to this hotel. 
15790 The night clerk language was abusive and we had to leave after we were threatened. Be aware that there is double parking in the lot and that you will be awakened if you need to move your car. I would never stay there again. 
15791 Location is why I titeled it great. We also had a big, clean bathroom. Got extremely low rates, and would therefore not have any reason complain, even if we weren't satisfied. But overall very pleased with the accommodation. 
15792 Front desk was very nice. The location is easy to find.; right off the highway. I like the late checkout of noon time. Nice pool area. I do wish they had a refrigerator in the room. 
15793 Verdaderamente es un buen hotel, con un muy buen servicio ( la atencion de los empleados fue excelente y muy servicial), es limpio y su ubicacion es muy buena....No tengo nada en contra que decir. Si vuelvo a Chicago no dudo en alojarme alli nuevamente. 
15794 We had lovely staying ther but when we came back home, I found out they charge my card for the three night that we staed on the hotel and agine they hold more than 2400AED for no resones and it is not solved yet 
15795 Had a great view from my room, but when you are a Marriott hotel I would not expect there to have the wall paper pealing from the walls. Lobby is wonderful and the staff is very nice. 
15796 This once famous hotel needs a major updating and improved customer service. The best thing it has going for it is it's location. Everything is outdated and overpriced. It's glory days are over. 
15797 We stayed at the Warwick from the 8th of May to the 14th of May, it is a great hotel and ideally situated. It is right near Times Square and in easy reach of other popular tourist spots. We will definatly go there again. 
15798 Un hotel centrico a 2 manzanas de Times Square, limpio, acogedor, economico, amplio y recien reformado!!!. Ideal para vivir NYC. 
15799 Perfect location hotel with good price for a room with private bathroom. Service non-existant at reception desk. Rooms so small that only bed fits. Decoration is dreadful. but it fits the prupose: cheap hotel in Manhattan 
15800 This hotel is great. Nice, new and clean bedroom, on the house internet and breakfast, friendly staff. Ok, the bedroom is not so big, but is enought to get some rest at NYC. Worthy for the money. 
15801 I recently stayed here for a business trip. The room is well appointed and the beds are quite comfortable. There is a restaurant on-site and the food is pretty good! The hotel is located in the heart of downtown so practically everything is within walking distance. 
15802 It was our first trip to NY....the hotel was so central,it made life very easy for us.The Staff were very helpful and courteous.We will be back! 
15803 God og central beliggenhed. Venlig service og rene men slidte rum. Fantastisk udsigt fra vores vaerelse til Manhattan skyline og Ikke mindst til poolen paa taget paa sidebygningen som ogsaa er en del af hotellet Taet paa laes gaaafstand Central Park Fifth ave Times Sq etc 
15804 Wir haben einen wunderbaren 2-woechigen Aufenthalt im Towers at the New York Palace verbracht. Die Sauberkeit, das Zimmer, die Hotelanlage und der Service haben uns sehr beeindruckt. Wir werden sicher diese Erfahrung wiederholen. 
15805 Got room on priceline-$80 ended up $100+.Room was very small, clean but the queen bed was smaller than a full-size bed-good location but we would pay a few more bucks for something nicer. 
15806 Words are not enough to describe this hotel, not only the rooms are perfect but everything else is just like a dream. We enjoyed a stay in The Waldorf in a long weekend pre-christmas, if you have the occasion (and the money) do not hesitate! Love it! 
15807 Middenop Broadway, maar erg rustig. Je hoort het verkeer nauwelijks. Toch zit je overal dichtbij. De kamer die wij hadden was ruim en het bed zeer confortabel. Jammer dat je moest betalen voor internet. Voor de toch niet hele goedkope kamer verwacht je toch dat dat er bij in zit. 
15808 thank you, i slept well, very comfortable, nice rooms. great staff.breakfast was good with plenty of food. Nice location. plenty of parking, a number of restaurants in the area. quick access to the freeway. some of the guess looked a lttle strange, but other than that, nice place 
15809 Hotel abordable et propre, dans le quartier des affaire (FiDi), a deux coins de rue de Wall Street et pres de Battery Park ; facilement accessible a toute heure de la journee et du soir. Commis extremement joviaux et sympathiques. Stationnement a proximite tres abordable et facile d'acces. Sejour agreable. 
15810 24th-28th March This hotel was exactly what we wanted out of a hotel.Good location, immaculately clean,good food , excellent service and very friendly staff.We would definately stay here in the future. 
15811 Kind of a boutique hotel, not too big and very well located. However, the service and atmosphere are just "average", nothing special. Rooms quite small and a bit basic but anyway a good solution for whom doesn't spend too much time in the room. Again, great location 
15812 Probably not a bad hotel, but avoid "C" floor at all costs. There is a very noisy ice machine in the hall. Also, this floor is below the ground floor.The bed was fine but the room was small. Mold in the shower. 
15813 i reslly enjoyed my stay staff was nice and friendly very caring and house keeping was incrediale ROSA took care of my room and didi it very well i am very satisified with the service during my stay the rooms were nice and i had no problem with my stay 
15814 Iam from Orange County, Ca. I absolutely, love this place. Most importantly the rooms are clean, and is very quiet. The front desk employees are very professional. Next time I come to visit Houston, I know where to stay. Thank you, for and have and outstanding hotel. 
15815 Nice new hotel with very friendly staff. I would have given a higher rating but the price was way too high for a budget hotel. $244 with all taxes per night. Also, there was a maintenance issue with some of the lights in the room. 
15816 Had a great two night stay at the Doubletree. The location is perfect, the bed was so comfortable and my room was super clean. Very happy and would stay here again. 
15817 This hotel exceeds all expectations. The rooms are spacious and luxurious. Location, Location, Location. Half a block from subway. What more can you ask for. 
15818 Rommene var litt slitt, men rene og med et ok bad. Sengene var gode. Beliggenheten var super!!!! 
15819 thats a fantastic place ! i'll be back very soon with my Girlfriend 
15820 Very nice hotel for such a large hotel. Clean, room service prompt, and food good. Front desk personnel pleasant. Most importantly, hotel connected to airport, which means a quick 15 minute walk to check-in area. 
15821 just back.excellent location.very nice aprtment suite. very friendly and courteous staff. would highly recommend. 
15822 We were absolutely blown away by how beautiful the hotel was. Every employee we met was extremely courteous and genuine. Everything was delightful even down to the soap in the room. 
15823 I traveled to New York City three days a week for several years while working on a project in Manhattan. I highly recommend this hotel. Clean, no-smoking with great beds. Very convenient location. 
15824 The Casablanca Hotel is a great place to stay. Even though the address off Time Square-the Hotel is quiet and safe etc. I would highly recommend this hotel. Please read all the other current reviews as the say it all. Again the hotel is great. 
15825 We just celebrated our 36th anniversary at this hotel..It was a perfect long weekend. The entire staff is friendly, but not overly so..perfect. I had called because I was having roses delivered to our room. When we arrived, they had upgraded us to a suite....perfect Clean...quiet...comfortable..perfect service 
15826 das hotel ist etwas herunter gekommen, als wenn in den letzten 30 Jahren nichts mehr daran getan worden waere, aber zum uebernachten reichte es, da es im ganzen doch sehr sauber war und extrem zentral gelegen ist. 
15827 Stayed twice at Double Tree Houston Downtown in 2010 for its close proximity to Allen Center where I was having meetings. Grand lobby and well appointed room - a bit more luxurious than the average Double Trees you would have expected. Efficient valet parking. Will stay there again. 
15828 Thoroughly enjoyed the hotel and location. They have done a wonderful job maintaining the integrity of the history of the hotel. My room was HUGE by any city's standards. Kiehls bath amenities were to die for. Service was top notch. 
15829 This hotel was a good choice while visiting NYC. Clean nice staff and good location. Great value. WILL BE BACK AGAIN. 
15830 This hotel makes you immediately feel welcome. The 24 hour beverage service was excellent and the morning breakfast was sufficient with plenty of choices and refreshed and restocked continuously. The staff was friendly and efficient. we will choose this hotel again and again for our stay in NYC. 
15831 A delightful place to stay in New York. The location is excellent. The rooftop swimming pool overlooking The Empire State Bldg. and New York City makes the hotel an exceptional place to stay with young kids. 
15832 The hotel is small but very convenient for us. The rooms were clean and comfortable and the staff was very helpful. It was also very quiet and sleeping was easy. 
15833 The room was very small it was our 5th anniversary and my husband has never been to NewYork even though it was rainy we enjoyed Time Square and of course I enjoyed tthe shopping 
15834 So close to Times Square and Central Park, metro. MoMA, boat cruise, etc. etc. Room was tiny but very clean. Comfortable bed. Staff was friendly and as a first timer to nyc the front desk was full of great breakfast and night life recommendations. And really, can't beat the price. 
15835 Perfect hotel for business enough room to spread out clean and comfortable. Near all of my accounts. Pleanty of places to go and eat some even in wlking distance. If have stayed at this hotel numerous times and will again when I return to Houston. 
15836 The location was excellent, right in the center of Manhattan. Metro is 1 min away, Times Square 10 min walk. The room size and comfort is far below price. Furniture is very old and the bed is very small (standard 2 persons bed is 140 cm wide!). 
15837 +fantastic location +very trendy +comfy bed +iphone speakers for playing music +nice food in the hotel restaurant -it's very big hotel and doen't feel very friendly. 
15838 Superb hotel great staff Girls on help desk have patiance and knowledge of were to go and what to do 
15839 Room wasn't ready when we arrived (1 1/2 hours early) and they were very slow in getting it ready finally giving us a different room, The room was spacious and a corner unit on the 31st floor w/ a great view.Unfortunately the bed was a disaster 
15840 An excelent option to stay in Manhattan, the service is excelent, the location is great very close to central park and one block from the 79th street subway station. The rooms are small but comfortable and clean. 
15841 Very clean and nice (but little) rooms. We loved the rooftop-bar as well. Beautiful breakfast. Ideally located within the center of Manhattan. Will return to this hotel next time, for sure. 
15842 First time in NYC for me. Location of this place is perfect for discovering Manhattan on foot. Staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. Was a very nice chilled out vibe in the reception, lobby and bar area. A great escape from the hustle and bustel of the city. 
15843 The rooms were clean and nice. There were 2 elevators, both of which were tiny and slow but I guess that's because its an older building. Breakfast was a nice thing to have, but seating was very limited and hard to find. 
15844 First trip to New York for business and the Westin was a great place to stay. 
15845 The hotel is beautiful, if the rooms were a bit worn. We stayed for one night. The location was excellent and the beds very comfortable. 
15846 Big rooms, clean, Very nice staff. Excellent location and price. Free easy parking. Very close to major highways and downton. 
15847 We travel to NYC on a regular basis and have been staying at this hotel for the last 5 years. 
15848 The staff are great, very friendly & helpful, but the room is pretty basic & had an unpleasant smell. The bathroom is very small, nowhere to put anything & not even a complimentary shower cap. The location is not the greatest either. Wouldn't stay here again. 
15849 The hotel was awesome! Good price good breakfast and fast elevators. Clean and comfortable rooms. Service was fantastic!! The conscierge was very helpful too! Reasonable price. After a hot day we were greeted by ice cold lemonade :) I'll definitely be back! 
15850 If you value sleep, I would suggest staying somewhere else. They need to do something about the insulation and noise... Location is good but so are many other hotels in the area. 
15851 The hotel is adjacent to Grand Central Station and nearby to all the major attractions of Manhattan. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The accommodation was slightly disappointing in relation to the cost of our stay, but enjoyable none the less. 
15852 Stayed three nights 25 - 29th Loved our stay in this hotel. lt was the best. My husband and three boys would love to return soon. 
15853 I went with my family for 3 days. Even though it is towards the end of the strip, it was a great experience. The hotel was clean and the lobby was a very clean. Overall, the experience was great! 
15854 Located close to Madison Square ( if you prefer to be close to Central Park, this is not the right location!), small rooms but clean and recently refurbished with a VERY comfortable bed. Staff is nice. 
15855 Even though this was a shared-bath accommodation, the hotel was very clean and comfortable and the front desk staff very helpful on getting around. The hotel was a close walk to Central Park on the Upper West Side -- a great location. 
15856 The staff was helpful and accommodating. Room was adequate for our needs and larger than we expected. Everything was clean. Location is great, very good value for NYC. Our only complaint was a few mosquito bites but folks left the bathroom window open....not the hotel's fault. A good stay overall. 
15857 Reliable Marriott-quality hotel. Helpful staff, and not inconvenient for SoHo, LIttle Italy, Chinatown, etc. Good pricing may be offset by transportation costs to travel uptown, unless you use public transit. Good value overall. 
15858 Slept like a baby in the definitive Lux hotel experience 
15859 I went to the restaurant CO-OP which is connected to the hotel for sunday carribean brunch. I was greeted by the host Michele and she made sure i had a great experience. The food and the music were wonderful and the drinks worked 
15860 This is my home-away-from home. The staff couldn't be nicer. Plus, the down comforters on super comfy beds are the best in the city! Reasonable rates and fantastic location make it the perfect place to rest, relax and call "home" in New York. 
15861 Family stayed here for long four day weekend and loved it! Great location, nice, big rooms and great staff. No question we would stay here again. 
15862 Staff at the hotel are fantastic and friendly...From Keith at the door to James at the bell stand to Sam at the gym...Bravo to them and the entire Westin River North Team! 
15863 this hotel is special because of of its location! We stayed 3 nights, and wow what a stay it was, right in the middle of Times Square!! Who cares if the hotel is a bit shabby, who wants to stay indoors anyway? The location really made our trip worthwhile! 
15864 Good price for a good location. the room was quit and comfortable. Concierge were very helpful making tours and shows reservation. Buffet breakfast was good. Many good restaurants are located nearby. Lobby was simple, relaxing and pleasant. 
15865 I stayed at this Hotel in 2011. I found that every aspect of the hotel first class, hence I have booked to stay again this coming August. A super Hotel in a super location; What more could you want ! Colin Newman, Isle of Wight, UK 
15866 Uber cool, unpretentious, decadent hotel with friendly staff and chatty permanent residents and guests. Much friendlier and more relaxed than you would generally expect from a high end hotel. Loved it. And it's within walking distance of so many great places. 
15867 My 2 sons and I needed an inexpensive, good location hotel for 2 nights. Nothing crazy expensive but a decent hotel. This was just what we needed. Comfortable, right near the subway and a short walk to Times Square. Would stay there again. 
15868 Just avoid it. This must be one of the worst holes you could find yourself in. Unless you're in for the down and dirty New York experience, complete with your typical deli around the corner and the porn shop next door. 
15869 WOW..something that doesnt happen very often in NYC...very friendly staff, excellent customer service! Such a welcome change to what I usually run into in the city. The hotel is nice..the star rating is spot on. Its comfortable and clean. I had an inside room so it was also very quiet. 
15870 The best place in NYC. Convenient to all in the heart of the meatpacking district. The staff is top of the line..Especially the front manager Joseph Tighe. It is great to see someone so dedicated and attentive. 
15871 I stayed for 5 bites with my daughter while she was moving to NY for college. Location is great for Columbia students....but.....wait for it - but bed bugs!! Stolen bag!! Poor, canned responses from staff....no help for the very real problems that we experienced. Ahhhhh. 
15872 Very small room, but OK value for the money. The location is perfect! 
15873 The hotel employers are very friendly and work hard to please the guest. We woke up to no hot water, when I called the front desk within 5 minutes someone was at our room to help us out. 
15874 Rooms are small, great location but beds were uncomfortable. Would not stay here again 
15875 The hotel was wonderful, room was splendid, service was unbelievable and the location was perfect. We could not have made a better choice of hotel. We enjoyed every moment of our stay. 
15876 Excellent location. Staff were friendly and helpful. Room was clean and modern if not slightly dark, but this was due to the direction of our room. Recommended highly for those wanting to shop- just off 5th. 
15877 Very basic hotel and rooms but a fantastic location. If you plan to spend much time in your room dont stay here but you shouldnt stay in your room in NY. Good value for the location. 
15878 Besides the fact that this hotel is fabulously located in Times Square, the rooms are spacious, fabulous views of the River, and very quiet! Great breakfast as well. Almost has a "boutique" feel to it. Would definitely stay there again! 
15879 You really can't beat this location. We were less then half a block from Time Square. The staff was friendly and always helpful. 
15880 We really enjoyed the location of this hotel, away from NYC's tourist hotspots. 
15881 we had a good family reunion at this hotel. Staying in a suite was a treat, and I knew this was an older hotel with kinks. 
15882 The best hotel in NYC..The location is great..The staff is extremely helpful, especially Mohammad Abdullah, Miho Hirata, and Front Desk Manager, Oumar Kane..They all strive to make your stay very special... 
15883 It's very very close to everywhere! Ellen is very freindship and smile! 
15884 I came off a delayed trip and checked into the Hilton around 11pm. I was tired and Dwight at the front desk was very helpful. The beds were nice as well as the TV. Great service nice people. Highly recommend 
15885 Per quanto riguarda voli,trasferimenti ,organizzazione perfetta. L Hotel,seppure posizionato in zona centralissima ha ,a mio modesto parere alcune cose che non vanno. Camera e bagno molto piccoli. in particolare il bagno,non proprio rinnovato...... servizi hotel ottimi e personale professionale e cordiale. 
15886 the hotel wasnt bad. it was cheap and in a great location. the front desk staff where helpful and my stay was great. all the bad rewies ignore them as you have to remember it is a fraction of the price of hotels close by. 
15887 This is really a bad hotel. Small rooms and bathrooms, bad breakfast, not really clean, unfriendly staff. Good location (very close to 5th av and all the most luxurious stores and departmentstores) but not a place I would recomend 
15888 Stayed at The Muse for one night. Couldn't be more pleased with the hotel. Everyone was very courteous and helpful, the bed was out of this world comfortable, and the room was lovely. 
15889 Everything in this hotel was great. The room was clean. The service was excellent. All the members of the staff were friendly and very helpful. We especially appreciated, Jamie, Sunny and Ray at the concierge desk. We would definitely stay there again. 
15890 Beautiful hotel. Very Clean. Good location. Nice rooms - love the bathroom. Doorman was superb- Always offering help for various things. Internet lounge was great. Adequate Fitness facility. Would highly recomend this hotel. 
15891 A great hotel. Very responsive but unobtrusive staff. Business meeting rooms are comfortable and well appointed. I have been coming there every year for over a decade. 
15892 Location is superb. Staff is incrediably helpful, from the doorman to housekeeping. Best of all, large room is quiet after seemingly dodging millions of people on 5th Avenue. 
15893 We booked this Hotel well in advance and were really fully satisfied. Very conveniently located, quiet rooms, great view from the room ;-) Room was newly remodeled but lobby was not yet finished. Hope it is finished now. Free WIFI would be appreciated! 
15894 Good location. Small, old, noisy room whose heating couldn't be turned off - 80 degrees in room. Air conditioner wasn't working and no one available to fix it. Front desk staff was very dismissive and uncaring. Hallways very dark, drab and dreary. 
15895 Very conveniet to downtow. The Hotel is quite, clean and confortable with a big lcd tv. The hotel park cost a little bit much that other solutions, but very convenient. For breakfast there is a Starbucks very close to the hotel. 
15896 The hotel is nice. Not a desirable location therefore you must eat/drink in hotel. Very overpriced restaurant, poor service. They spoke a lot of Spanish. 
15897 My husband and I and another couple traveled to NY for a quick getaway and used a Living Social (dot com) coupon for a stay at this hotel. It was clean, fresh and we LOVED the location! 
15898 Stayed 6 nIghts. Great value considering location and size of room. So close to shows. Only drawback was noise from slamming doors in hallway. Other than that was perfect. 
15899 uebelst zentral, und preis-leistungs verhaeltnis hat fuer new yorker verhaeltnisse sehr gut gepasst. Empire State Building, Times Square und 5th Avenue sind ums Eck... 
15900 Access to Grand Central Terminal is about the only thing great about this hotel. There are so many better, unique hotels in NYC for about the same price. 
15901 I had requested a room at the top but we arrived too late & was given a refurbished room on the 12th floor. Fantastic room everything and I mean everything was brand new, the bed hadn't even been slept in! Great air con to THANKS GUYS !!! 
15902 Really good location. A perfect place to stay in NYC, the room was great, stayed for business for 5 days and the staff with an excellent attitude. Even when asking for my bill they helped me to meet my company requirements. Would be back on nov. for my holidays trip. 
15903 perfect location, perfect price, scrummy breakfasts, lovely staff, big rooms, clean & comfy - i will stop now - there will be no room for me to stay !!!! 
15904 We loved the stay there more then what we could of asked for.Best place in New York and also the best place we had ever stayed in! Hopefully come again. Keep doing what you are doing because it is great!!!!!! Beautiful,glamorous and amazing place! 
15905 The motel got a new name now it's called the memorial. The carpets are so nasty you get black socks. No fridge. No oven. Bath tub is rusty in the sides and quarter size. Paint is peeling off. We are not staying here one night more. 
15906 Very pleasant surprise. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was large and very clean. Good location for exploring NY. 
15907 I stayed at Whitehall this past weekend- great location, but that's all I can say positive. Room was small and dirty, staff indifferent, toilet broken all weekend (and I did report it), no amenities (e.g. newspaper, coffee maker). Would certainly not stay there again. 
15908 I stayed here in December 2001 and loved it. It is in an excellent location, is clean, the rooms ar a good size and the breakfast in the roof terrace is delightful.The staff are friendly and above all it isn't a stuffy or pretentious hotel and I'd highly recommend it 
15909 Very nice clean room, staff was very pleasant and helpfull. View from the 37th floor was great. 
15910 This is a wonderful hotel on a not-so-busy street but just a few blocks away from Times Square. Clean and very nice service. Definitely ask for the NY1 special as you get a free breakfsat at the retaurant each day, and it's REALLY good! 
15911 Beautiful hotel, efficent staff comfy beds & a large room by New York standards! 
15912 Highly recommend The Mansfield! I stayed in a jr. suite with a very comfortable living area and seperate bedroom/bathroom. The location was excellent--just off 5th Ave. Staff was very warm and welcoming. Lovely little reading room off of lobby with complimentary coffee/tea service 
15913 Fabulous location, clean adequate rooms, nice reasonable deli just off lobby. We are repeat visitors to the Hotel Edison and recommend it highly. 
15914 i stayed there back in july,ideal spot close to everything,great bar next door jhonny utahs.hotel clean and comfortable no problems 
15915 Ottima posizione, praticamente a Times Square; stanze un po' piccole ma dotate di tutti i confort necessari e pulite. Molto bello il design e l'arredamento interno. Evitate i piani bassi: sono molto rumorosi a causa del locale al piano terra e della strada trafficata. 
15916 Perfect location (probably closer to Times Square than you think) , very comfy beds. No complaints whatsoever! Absolutely perfect for our 4 night NYC adventure. 
15917 This hotel is massive but dosnt care about it's customers. The staff are rude, lines are huge, rooms average. The whole place is dated. Everyone seems stressed, we stayed because it was well priced for the location but wouldn't recommend it. 
15918 Looks good outside, but rooms are small and our bed was really small. Bit overpriced, but I suppose that's how it is in New York. Anyway, the room was clean and stuff was friendly and location is good. 
15919 The room had a fireplace and great TV. It was lovely. The staff could not have been more helpful and the location is terrific. We stayed five nights, enjoyed breakfasts and the lovely bar in the evenings. We think Indigos are one of the best kept secrets. 
15920 The hotel is very well located and very cool. The room is small but stylish, the hotel is big (not a very personalized service, but this is NY) but service was nice, it was a great experience. 
15921 Cheap furnishings; dirty 
15922 everything; noisy; hot. That was the bad The good was the front desk staff - friendly and helpful. But I will not be staying at this hotel again. 
15923 The location is very nice, close to major transit stations. But the rooms are a bit tiny. Especially the bathroom. Overall this hotel is cost-efficient. Will stay here again in the future. 
15924 Echo others positive comments. This is a brilliant,modern,clean hotel within walking distance of NYC and all the things you need to see. The staff are brilliant and polite and can't do enough to help you out without being over powering. 10/10 
15925 Loved our stay here. Nice neighborhood, great, clean room. Wonderful bed, attentive staff. Close to subway, which really isn't bad to navigate once you get used to it. Got a decent deal from Room 77 website. 
15926 Wir waren mit dem Hotel und der Lage sehr zufrieden. Ausgesprochen gut hat uns das Eckzimmer gefallen, tolle Aussicht auf das Empire State und den Hudson River, sogar die Freiheitsstatue konnte man erkennen. Sehr zentral, dadurch auch etwas laut, liegt vor allem an dem Gehupe der Autos. 
15927 The hotel itself was beautiful, centrally located, and a calm oasis in the hustle & bustle of New York City. Of particular note was the registration clerk Cesar. He was kind, helpful, and accommodating The bar tender at Shula's restaurant, TORI, was also extremely friendly, welcoming, and engaging. 
15928 Hotel parfait , situation exeptionelle , terrase avec vue sur broadway times square on se croirait dans un reve 
15929 Recommande cet hotel a tous le monde qui est pour moi dans les meilleur de new york pour en prendre plein les yeux 
15930 Classy hotel with relaxed, informal atmosphere where I never felt out of place or not "fine" enough. 
15931 Perfectly good. No complaints. Huge rooms. 
15932 It's Manhattan so I suppose we have to expect rooms with small bathrooms but the bathroom had to have the door fully open or fully closed to be able to move in it. 
15933 Small room, but big enough and very clean. Perfect location, almost right in the middle of Times Square. Not much noise, so sleeping is no problem. 
15934 Fantastic place. Great service and great location. 
15935 Arrived the Friday of the weekend that Sandy hit. Hotel service was excellent as was the room. Concierge staff second to none. We were left scrambling to get out of the city and they went above and beyond to help us make it happen. Will definitely return. 
15936 the front desk service was very friendly and helpful so were all doormen...room was very clean,spacious and quiet...appreciated free internet...good location between Broadway and Amsterdam...will definitely return... Alexandra and Jacques 
15937 Clean and convenient but front desk is understaffed, only one elevator works, and if you wake before 6:30 and would like coffee, better go down and over a block to Starbucks because there is no coffeemaker in room and staff is slow about getting the coffee in the lobby out. 
15938 I come to NYC at Thanksgiving every year and stay at the Westin. It's a great hotel. The rooms are nice, the hotel is quiet and in a great location. Only thing missing in room is a mirror over the desk. 
15939 I've stayed here several times and I like this place. The location in the heart of Soho, the characteristic design and the bar are great. Probably, the staff is not very polite sometimes, but you can afford it. 
15940 Comfortable, modern, sleek, hip, good location, great for our girls weekend (young 50ish girls). Wonderful bed, nice bathroom, floor to ceiling windows. Only thing that they might address is better lighting in the rooms. Highly recommended. 
15941 Hotel is in an excellent location close to Times Square. Our room on the 17th floor was clean with a king size bed. There were no tea or coffee making facilities or mini bar. Staff were friendly and efficient. Good restaurants are nearby. 
15942 This is a great NYC hotel. The location was fun, the staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were a good size for NYC and felt very clean. Free Starbucks coffee in the lobby. We were very happily surprised. We got a great rate via Priceline for the weekend. 
15943 Beds extremely comfortable and excellent location. Rooms a little small for our tastes. Friendly staff. Enjoyed our stay! 
15944 the air conditioner groaned continually at a level that prevented sleep. We asked for a new room, but the alternative room offered smelled bad. It is obvious that remodeling is occurring, but it should include fundamental changes like replacing failed utilities. 
15945 Just returned from the Warwick and it was fabulous! The room had beautiful antiques, very comfortable bed and pillows and was very clean and quiet. The staff was courteous and accommodating. I cannot imagine a better hotel in NYC and would certainly return! 
15946 The Swissotel is, by far, one of my favorite places to stay in Chicago. Great location, friendly staff, comfortable rooms and amenities. Who could ask for more? 
15947 Questo albergo molto frequentato si trova in una posizione strategica soprattutto d estate. Intorno ci sono un sacco di locali, negozi,bar e ristorantini e poi c e la famosa passeggiata proprio sotto!!! Le camere sono piccole ma la vista e impagabile. I bagni luci e ombre. Il personale gentilissimo. 
15948 Super central located 5th ave and Time Square. Superb beds. Easy check in and check out. Fax to room done in less than 10min. Rooms are big enough and pretty silent. Air con not noisy. All in all recommendable. 
15949 Stayed for three nights from Saturday 24th February. We were upgraded on check in, room was clean and spacious and the location was great, within walking distance to most major attractions. Would stay there again. 
15950 Siamo stati al Carlton 3 notti e ci siamo trovati molto bene. La stanza era pulita e accogliente e soprattutto abitabile... molto raro a New York... Personale gentile e disponibile. Lo consiglio vivamente... 
15951 Much better than I thought it would be. Very reasonably priced for double rooms suit. About $320 pn Close to time ssquare clean compact. I would stay their again. Very helpful staff. Breakfast included. Ok. 
15952 I made a booking and when I get there nobody had any idea about my reservation. And I tried to talk with the manager Mr. Kavral but he didn't want to talk, what a bad professional this hotel is hiring!! , I don't recommend this hotel 
15953 I really enjoyed staying at this hotel. It offered everything I was looking for and made my stay in Chicago one of the best. Thank you for the lovely accomodations! 
15954 Location was great for all the walking one does in NYC. Breakfast included, good way to hit the streets. 
15955 Very pleasant stay. Personnel friendly & accommodating. Excellent variety for free breakfast. Good healthy choices. Hot tub felt so good after traveling so far. I am limited in abilities to be mobile. Was extremely happy to see an elevator. Look forward to my next stay. 
15956 The hotel was in a good location in the Galleria area and walking distance to some restaurants. The room was affordable and clean. We were very happy with this hotel. The staff were friendly and knowledgeable about the area. We would definitely recommend this hotel. 
15957 This hotel was cleverly decorated with a trendy bar and restaurant well stocked in good wines. The room resonated New York style and had plenty of amenities. Service was impeccable including valet parking and a helpful concierge. Can't wait to go visit again! 
15958 we accompanied our daughter who was on business & turned it into a 4 day holiday. The hotel was lovely - room small but clean, modern & very central - one min to Times Sq. Loved it & would definitely stay there again. The whole experience was everything and more. 
15959 Great location, convenient for theatre district, shopping, fun walking, central park, etc. Good upscale italian resto in hotel - Insieme. Service is impeccable without being stuffy. 
15960 yotel was better than I expected! room is clean, and as well as brekfast bread but the room was a little small for two. I think it's suitable for solo. 
15961 Good location (beside time square) for tourism; thought not the most charming neighbourhood of NY. Rooms were clean and nicely decorated; but quite small and ours had no window (well there was one but with a wall at 50cm); so day light doesn't enter. Overall good value for money. 
15962 great manhattan location: 1/2 blk from subway, full service supermarket across the street. Clean 2 star quality (motel6 like) rooms. Kitchenette is tiny but super convenient. 
15963 Dit was mijn 2e verblijf in het Allerton. Het is een uitstekend hotel. Kamers netjes, modern en geweldige douche etc etc. Kamer voor 1 persoon is niet groot, maar groot genoeg. De ligging is fantastisch, midden op de Magnificent Mile. Een aanrader!! 
15964 This was our second time staying at this hotel. Would highly recommenrd to anyone visiting NYC. Only one block from Times Square. The hotel staff are highly professional and very friendly :-) 
15965 per viaggiatori senza pretese,ma assolutamente pulito x essere 1 hotel/ostello.bagno nuovissimo cn doccia e sempre pulito.personale alla reception disponibile.posizione ottimale x la vicinanza a metro,ristoranti,pub,market,ecc.economico x essere a manhattan. 
15966 This hotel is tiny. Not what i expected, but the service is good, the room is decent and it's located close to where i needed to be. Nothing spectacular. Nice enough for a 4 day business trip. Free wifi which is awesome. 
15967 Great value & location! Very friendly staff.. Wish the bathrooms were a little bigger, but other than that no complaints! 
15968 Cannot beat the location. The hotel is also very good. The rooms are spacious enough.Amazing lobby. Didnt not expect this in the middle of Times Square. 
15969 The hotel is beautiful, clean and new! Every staff member we spoke to was friendly and helpful. I would stay here again! 
15970 The BEST at this price. Everything is new, clean, and wonderful. Beds are very comfortable, the shower is amazing, great staff, and we even got a free pizza, that we ordered at 3am and it was no problem. Really a great experience, I'm sure I'll be staying with them again. 
15971 The best location to arrive everywhere in Manhattan. Front desk people, the nicest! Great views from the window to the Empire State Building. 
15972 Het hotel lag overal dichtbij, dat was het grootste voordeel! Was schoon, maar wel wat gedateerd en niet erg modieus ingericht. Wel een erg mooi pand, Times Square en Central Park op loopafstand. Een aanrader voor niet te duur en een goede locatie! 
15973 We had a good time in NY city. Hotel is nice. Trip advisor was very helpful when I seek for advices. My hotel is near by Times square, it was so convenient to access any where. I will come back if I have more time. 
15974 We stayed there for two nights. Great location. Walking distance to Time Square. Very clean and well organised room. We stayed in a premium view queen cabin. The bed was very fancy which was able to lengthen and shorten. The terrace and the front desk area are very contemporary. 
15975 Were very impressed w/the services provided. Weve stayed at many hotels and very pleased with this one. Having a microwave, refridgerator and free high speed internet are extremely important and helpful. Carmen campos at the breakfast area was very sweet, kind and couteous. 12 
15976 My room was small and dark, charmed up no doubt, but a Hampton Inn provides more sizable rooms and comfort. Things in my room were broken, and after 3 promises over a 3 day period, I gave up. At these prices they need to get with it. 
15977 Very clean, tidy rooms. Well maintained property, EXCEPTIONAL customer service from all the hotel employees. Nice location in Midtown. Rooms were a bit pricy for the size, but everything was very clean and well kept. 
15978 Hotel was OK, BUT now we find they have charged us twice, and they do not want to refund!! DO NOT GO THERE!!! 
15979 Maybe this was amazing in 1919 but sheesh...RENOVATE!!! After all...you ARE the WALDORF ASTORIA! I don't think it's changed since staring in Coming to America! 
15980 Great hotel, great location, clean and tidy, good service. Maybe would need some extra room for the breakfast (it was usually pretty crowded). Super-comfy bed! 
15981 Will work out some kinks, definitely for younger crowd. 
15982 Hotel in Great location to explore this fantastic City.Hotel lovely and clean and staff very helpful.Has the added bonus of having the Elephant and Castle pub attached !! Rooms of good size too 
15983 Soon as we arrived we got an upgrade..the View...Brilliant,everything just a short walk away..first class Hotel everyone was very Helpful,Only In New York for 4 days but got so much done it was Fantastic..well done to everyone!!! 
15984 NY hotel rooms are known for being small and nasty until you hit some very premium pricing. This place was a very welcome exception. Great room with amenities, good location, nice and helpful staff. Would highly recommend. 
15985 My husband and me were for one week in Waldorf Astoria Towers and moreover than a excellent hotel the service is outstanding. We had the feeling we were in our own house and in the heart of New York City. When going to NYC for sure we'll stay there! 
15986 Our stay at this hotel was beyond great!!! The front desk (Mie) was so helpful and polite. We really recommend this hotel to anyone thinking of coming to Houston, TX!! The hotel was very clean and room service was also a 10+!!! 
15987 This hotel is very convenient for an overnight Hobby airport traveler. I wouldn't reccomend it for any tourist activity-center-ground for Houston or for the Texas beaches. Service is fine, nothing exceptional. 
15988 It's the cheapest you can find in downtown, so don't expect too much. Coming from the south, I hated paying so much for a room that wasn't too great. Bathroom was redone and nice. Rooms felt somewhat dark and dingy. Great location. 
15989 one cannot ask for a better location in manhattan, new york. the entire excitement unfolds as yo step out of the hotel. the bars, restaurants, shopping, sight seeing is right there. room was good, small though. 
15990 Had the pleasure of spending four days here during a work conference. The rooms were small, the food was pretty bad, and service was unreliable (forgot my room service order one morning). Unless it's a steal, I just don't know why you'd stay there. 
15991 Ask for DJ when you check in; he truly wants to make sure you're treated well, not just looking for a tip. He remembers you throughout your stay, too! 
15992 Very cosy and quite rooms, nice modern LCD , and the kitchenette in the suite was a great added value. 
15993 Great location, so close to Macys/Empire State building. Really enjoyable stay for 2 nights. Staff are friendly and helpful. Room is perfect for someone who is just using it as a base and just to sleep in. You have to share bathroom but small price to pay! 
15994 Nice clean room on high floor. Position was ok, with great Burger restaurant next door. 
15995 for the price and location this was a very good hotel. We got a hotel on the north side, but south side views of the hancock are much better. overall had a great stay, no complaints. 
15996 Down the escalator, out the front door, turn right and enter the world of Times Square! Just a few blocks to the best shows on Broadway and great eats...oh, and the hotel, great beds, excellent staff. This is a definite repeat location. 
15997 We stayed for 7 days in april 2012, great hotel, helpfull staff, was upgraded to superior room at arrivel. Fantastic location for a holiday in N.Y. Went running in central park most days, subway just outside. Would stay here again 
15998 Great location , easy access by foot to top restaurants and areas. Room from the 80`is. Nice bar and breakfast place in the ground foor. 
15999 Spent four days in New York hardly spent any time in the hotel so hard to find faults you don't go to NYC to do this, clean, cheap enough did the job. 
16000 Had to stay in the hotel for a day, but the service offered was poor. we had to go to the reception to get the things we needed, like extra towels etc. Otherwise the overall stay was quite good. 
16001 Prima hotel , sehr sauber , sehr nette mitarbeiter , ich war schon mehrmals da , nachstes jahr wieder. Dass hotel hat grosse zimmer !!! 
16002 The location is great (walking distance from eveything), staff is super gentle, the hotel looks good (the carpet at the entrance is so fluffy, it feels like walking on clouds) and the rooms, though a little tiny, are really worth it. Ask for the soaking tub! 
16003 My sister & I stayed after a concert at Madison square garden. Perfect location...one block away! Everything was very clean & staff were all very kind. The beds were amazingly comfortable. Very happy with my stay there. Will definitely stay again. 
16004 Loved the Muse location - convenient to uptown and downtown. Just steps from Broadway, it's quiet and serene - a refuge from all the busyness! Friendly and helpful staff, comfortable and clean rooms. Good value for NYC - I'll definitely stay here again. 
16005 Hotel is great, rooms are very modern and clean. The service is amazing and they realy do everything to make your life simple and make you feel comfortable. On thursdays, the reception area transforms into a very trendy disco with loud music: great atmosphere but no noise around the rooms. 
16006 The service myself and my family got was first class. There did so much for us and even provided a birthday present and balloons for a young girl who was with us. I can't recommend this hotel enough - book now - you won't be disappointed! 
16007 Great location for access to the great restuarants and sites around Manhatten and New York via the subway 
16008 Services levels were very prompt with helpful staff. 
16009 The hotel overlooks the WTC in New York which is one huge construction site. It is noisy except for the dead of night. On higher floors the sounds are not bad, on the lower ones, it can be pretty loud. 
16010 this is our 3rd stay at the west 57 th Hilton. a beautiful hotel with polite and accommodating staff. great location. would highly recommend!! central park in view and rooms with balconies are in a word, awesome. 
16011 This hotel was misrepresented completely in the brochure. Walls, carpets, etc were dirty. Room badly needed painting. Curtains were too short to block out morning light. Bathtub needed reglazing. Walls were paper thin-heard everything going on in the next room (and their bathroom!) Disgusting hotel-would steer clear of it completely. 
16012 Tap water pressure is a bit low, so you will need to stay longer at the shower. Besides that, you have Carolyn at the front desk: within just 2 hours, she managed to get a birthday cake, with candle and matches at midnight! 
16013 The hotel is on 11th and you can walk over to 8th or 9th and find many restaurants. After dinner you will be near your Broadway theatre. 
16014 Although my room seemed to be laid-out strangely (optimizing every square inch), it was a beautiful experience. The staff is excellent, everyone very friendly and willing to help. Maids are very efficient. 
16015 Found this Hotel to be a great location. Hotel was very clean and quiet. Overall, I really liked this hotel. The only bad things I have to say about this hotel concierge was not very helpful and line wait for registration was very long with few workers checking people in. 
16016 Stayed here the staff was awesome lost my wallet and they never charged me fof long distance phone calls and let me use the computer. verry clean nice rooms at a reasonable price for the area close to everything. 
16017 Donald made our stay so fun. My kids looked forward to our conversations with him and he provided us with all the information we needed on the local area while we were vacationing. THANKS DONALD. 
16018 Rooms may be on the smaller side; but, the rooms offer everything you could want, The rooms are stylish and super clean. This hotel has exceeded my expectations. You better hurry because once the masses discover this hidden little gem, the rates will most certainly skyrocket. 
16019 Can't understand all the bad reviews - this would rate up high with all the hotels we have stayed in. Very polite staff, excellent location. We were there for five days. Admittedly the rooms are small but beautiful decor and facilities made up for size. 
16020 The mussel appetizer at this restaurant is wonderful. We kept coming back to it. 
16021 The room is on the small side but is clean & efficient. Service is impeccable & amenities delightful...especially a pool on these hot summer days! Great location & accessible to all parts of NYC. 
16022 Beautiful rooms and great views! The rooms are spacious and well kept. The managers are very attentive when you arrive. They want to know what they can do to help you enjoy your stay. I would highly recommend to my friends. 
16023 Amazing location 3 blocks from Empire State Building. Clean, Newly renovated, Well managed, great view from 34th floor. Friendly and informed staff. 
16024 Beautiful lobby, clean rooms, shuttle to the medical center. This surpassed my expectations for a three-star hotel. Very much enjoyed the stay and will be coming here again. 
16025 I need to contact Hotwire as this is NOT a 3 star hotel. NO hot water, old, small dingy rooms. STAY away! 
16026 It did not live up to the expectations, but overall, being so close to everything was great. I am not sure it was worth the price in quality though. 
16027 Bem localizado, quarto aconchegante, todo reformado. Atendimento 100%. Recomendado. 
16028 One of the nicest Hilton Garden Inns I've had the pleasure to stay on business travel. Good on-site restaurant and great front desk staff. Free use of nearby 24 hour Lifetime Fitness facility. 
16029 We stayed for 4 nights and it was as described. The lighting was dark and there was loud music playing at times. But the room was really nice and the location is absolutely excellent. Shower was good. We will definitely be returning! 
16030 This hotel is perfectly located, nearly on Times Square. The service is perfect. The staff is efficient and helpful. The rooms are not small, and very functionnal. All is very clean. The beds are excellent. The rooftop is a "plus". I will recommend this hotel! 
16031 Gorgeous location, nice room, wonderful rooftop cafe. 
16032 Desk staff (Diane, in particular) were very helpful with directions, local transit information and suggestions for dining. Hotel is clean and close to several major subway/train lines. Some rooms have mini fridges and microwave ovens. Unbeatable value for money in NYC. 
16033 Roger Smith Hotel was the perfect hub for us during our first trip to New York - close to shopping, attractions, museums, etc. The hotel was just so small and intimate as we wished, with a service that met our requirements. Recommended! 
16034 Supergrote kamer, vergelijkbaar met een klein appartement, voorzien van div. faciliteiten (keuken met koelkast, fornuis, magnetron e.d. en heel veel kast- en bergruimte). Echt een fantastische uitvalsbasis om NYC te verkennen! 
16035 I was very satisfied with the GEM Hotel and have even recommended that my parents stay there in December. 
16036 The staff is great. Lounge very nice. Had alot of fun. Food was great. Bar was great. Excellent 
16037 Comfortable stay. 
16038 The staff is extremely friendly and approachable. While our room was small (this is NYC) it was spotless, elegant and cozy. The location is not bad as there are always taxis available and there is great shopping within a 20 minute walk. I would highly recommend the Eventi! 
16039 This is pretty much your standard hilton. Rooms are about what you'd expect from a hilton. Location is great given its right in the airport (you don't even need to go outside). Only one issue with this hotel: $15 to use the gym?!?! You have got to be kidding me. 
16040 abbastanza pulito ma le camere erano micorscopiche..nn in linea con i precedenti soggiorni usa...la posizione non e'male ma tuttavia lontano dalle principali attrazioni....piu'adatto ad una clientela giovane e alternativa. La vera nota dolente erano i bagni decisamente insufficienti mentre era splendida la lounge col biliardo p.s.non ci sono i frigobar 
16041 This Hampton is clean and close to the airport for easy travel in or out. The surrounding area is a little scary at night but the hotel is secure. The room was clean and the staff was quick and helpful. 
16042 Ideaal hotel in een ideale buurt (Greenwich Vill age). Metro en leuke restaurants om de hoek. En het Washington Park is een fijn uitrustpunt. 
16043 What a tremendous value, $99 for this 5 star hotel, perfectly situated at the beginning of the Magnificent Mile. Everything was wonderful, including the staff and service. 
16044 We have been to New York 3 times now , and this is the best hotel we have stayed in , friendly helpful staff , really nice rooms and a great location 
16045 We will return there next time in New York 
16046 This hotel is in just 2 min walking dist ance from TIME SQUARE .There r bar resturant nearby to dine in any time.CENTRALpark is 5 min walkawAY.u find the 5th avenue just on the backyards and 2min walking distance.Cab available 24 hours. 
16047 The staff at the hotel is very friendly and helpful. They are knowledgeable about the local area and quick to respond to any questions. The facilities themselves are a bit dated and a refresh is needed. Rooms are clean and well provisioned. 
16048 This was a great location in Times Square and the Theater District. The staff was friendly. The bathroom was clean but the shower didn't get hot enough. Would stay there again. 
16049 Good Hotel, close to time square, local attractions and public transportations. Good for some nights in NY. I am not sure about the value as I used points to stay. I recommend going for dinner at central station for Lobsters and Oysters. 
16050 On a recent business trip I stayed at the Club Quarters in Houston. The staff was very friendly and accommodating with several requests. I would recommend a stay with them business or pleasure! 
16051 I stayed at the crowne plazafro 7 nights and could not failt this hotel. Staff were great and the room was lovely espically the bed and pillows they were amazing!! Would def recommend this hotel it was stylish comfortable and in a great location. 
16052 Staff was great, fitness center is basic but okay. The rooms are very small but that's to be expected in NYC. Rooms are clean. I had connectivity issues with WIFI. They have two internet services, one free the other is $7.99. I was not a fan of this option. 
16053 The hotel was over run by cheerleaders the night we were there, but they were mostly well behaved. The rooms were big and very clean. We were overall. We were happy with the quality of this hotel and we booked an advanced rate securing us a great price. 
16054 The Carlton Hotel is one of the nicest and most elegant hotel that I've stayed at in NYC! Superb! 
16055 Only upside here is the ticktock diner for breakfast, and the location. The rooms are small, the hotel seems old. And a fee for everything such as luggage. Good enough experience, but too expensive for what you get. 
16056 We stayed here one night for a concert at the Best Buy theater. What a cool hotel! Great location, friendly and helpful staff and you can't beat the 24 hour pool! Comfortable beds and clean rooms with funky decor. Definetly would stay again! 
16057 Very nice and close to Times Square for family Broadway show and dinner, nice room, clean, quiet, no problems. This hotel beats the "chain-hotels" hands down. Check in and front desk service very professsional, this hotel gets it 
16058 Raj, the manager, is kind and seems genuinely interested in the guest. He added a nice touch to my stay that was unexpected. Internet connection was fast. Room was EXTREMELY clean and furnishings were new. I slept great! 
16059 Great staff. Unique motif. Comfortable rooms. Best of all is location. Right in the middle of best eateries and shops. If you exercise it is a great area for running. Close to beach. Don't miss this place. You won' be disappointed. 
16060 Excellent location overlooking the 9/11 memorial and new WTC construction. Had a captivating view from the 37th floor. Check-in and check-out were simple. Staff were helpful and polite. The room was clean and comfortable. Easy access to the subway, and walking distance to many NYC attractions. 
16061 A really first class hotel; unfussy but attentive and friendly staff; spacious and comfortable room. Can't wait to go back again. 
16062 Very good staff , stunning views of navy pier, luxury, room service good , deep dish stunning ! 
